{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red239\green219\blue197;
\red205\green149\blue117;
\red253\green217\blue181;
\red120\green219\blue226;
\red135\green169\blue107;
\red255\green164\blue116;
\red250\green231\blue181;
\red159\green129\blue112;
\red253\green124\blue110;
\red35\green35\blue35;
\red31\green117\blue254;
\red173\green173\blue214;
\red25\green158\blue189;
\red115\green102\blue189;
\red222\green93\blue131;
\red203\green65\blue84;
\red180\green103\blue77;
\red255\green127\blue73;
\red234\green126\blue93;
\red176\green183\blue198;
\red255\green255\blue153;
\red28\green211\blue162;
\red255\green170\blue204;
\red221\green68\blue146;
\red29\green172\blue214;
\red188\green93\blue88;
\red221\green148\blue117;
\red154\green206\blue235;
\red255\green188\blue217;
\red253\green219\blue109;
\red43\green108\blue196;
\red239\green205\blue184;
\red110\green81\blue96;
\red29\green249\blue20;
\red113\green188\blue120;
\red109\green174\blue129;
\red195\green100\blue197;
\red204\green102\blue102;
\red231\green198\blue151;
\red252\green217\blue117;
\red168\green228\blue160;
\red149\green145\blue140;
\red28\green172\blue120;
\red240\green232\blue145;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red178\green236\blue93;
\red93\green118\blue203;
\red202\green55\blue103;
\red59\green176\blue143;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red252\green180\blue213;
\red255\green189\blue136;
\red246\green100\blue175;
\red205\green74\blue74;
\red151\green154\blue170;
\red255\green130\blue67;
\red200\green56\blue90;
\red239\green152\blue170;
\red253\green188\blue180;
\red26\green72\blue118;
\red48\green186\blue143;
\red25\green116\blue210;
\red255\green163\blue67;
\red186\green184\blue108;
\red255\green117\blue56;
\red230\green168\blue215;
\red65\green74\blue76;
\red255\green110\blue74;
\red28\green169\blue201;
\red255\green207\blue171;
\red197\green208\blue230;
\red253\green215\blue228;
\red21\green128\blue120;
\red252\green116\blue253;
\red247\green128\blue161;
\red142\green69\blue133;
\red116\green66\blue200;
\red157\green129\blue186;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red255\green73\blue108;
\red214\green138\blue89;
\red255\green72\blue208;
\red227\green37\blue107;
\red238\green32\blue77;
\red255\green83\blue73;
\red192\green68\blue143;
\red31\green206\blue203;
\red120\green81\blue169;
\red255\green155\blue170;
\red252\green40\blue71;
\red118\green255\blue122;
\red159\green226\blue191;
\red165\green105\blue79;
\red138\green121\blue93;
\red69\green206\blue162;
\red251\green126\blue253;
\red205\green197\blue194;
\red128\green218\blue235;
\red236\green234\blue190;
\red255\green207\blue72;
\red253\green94\blue83;
\red250\green167\blue108;
\red252\green137\blue172;
\red219\green215\blue210;
\red23\green128\blue109;
\red222\green170\blue136;
\red119\green221\blue231;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red146\green110\blue174;
\red247\green83\blue148;
\red255\green160\blue137;
\red143\green80\blue157;
\red237\green237\blue237;
\red162\green173\blue208;
\red255\green67\blue164;
\red252\green108\blue133;
\red205\green164\blue222;
\red252\green232\blue131;
\red197\green227\blue132;
\red255\green182\blue83;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \snext0 Normal ;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font ;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part ;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1 ;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2 ;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3 ;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4 ;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5 ;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6 ;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar ;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar ;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar ;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation ;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum ;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign ;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum ;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray ;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum ;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem ;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter ;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title ;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 author ;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer ;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header ;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption ;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure ;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table ;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular ;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing ;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote ;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs24 \snext38 verbatim ;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext46 List ;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1 ;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture ;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure ;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading ;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem ;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes ;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text ;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text ;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference ;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference ;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym ;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title ;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract ;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading ;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1 ;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2 ;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3 ;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4 ;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5 ;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6 ;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was jmp_v3.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.1.0 (released Mar  5 2010) on Mon Oct 13 18:55:46 2014
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs24\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Coordination in Social Networks\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 by Chun-Ting Chen\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \chdate \par
{\pard\plain\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Abstract\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 This paper studies a collective action problem in a setting of discounted repeated coordination games, where players only know their neighbors\rquote  types that describe the neighbors\rquote  inclination to participate and can only monitor their neighbors\rquote  past actions. I define {\i strong connectedness} to say that, for every two players who incline to participate, there is a path consisting of players with the same types to connect them. Given that the networks are fixed, finite, connected, commonly known, undirected and without cycles, I show that if the state of nature has strong connectedness and if the priors have full support on the strong connectedness states, there is a (weak) sequential equilibrium in which the ex-post efficient outcome repeats after a finite time {{\i T}} in the path when discount factor is sufficiently high. Given that the states of nature are finite and discrete, this equilibrium is constructive and does not depend on public or private signals other than players\rquote  actions.\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb360 \fi0 1  Introduction\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 This paper studies a collective action behavior in a setting of discounted repeated coordination games, where information and monitoring structures are modeled as networks. Players face the uncertainty about the states of nature and can only observe their neighbors\rquote  actions. I ask what kinds of networks can induce people to solve the underlying uncertainty and to coordinate to the ex-post efficient outcome. Though the main motivation is to understand the dynamic of social movement, a general interest is in the interaction between collective action behaviors and social structures.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Consider people\rquote s discontents in a rigid regime. Powerful discontents against this regime may exist, but these discontents are hard to put together due to the lack of complete information about how powerful they are and due to the communication barrier to know that these discontents exist. In the era of East German\u227?\u132?\u151?, the voting system and mass media are controlled by the government and the eavesdropping impedes people to show their political discontent{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} e.g., ({Lohmann}, 2011)}
. Before 1911 in China, several underground forces against Ching Dynasty scattered in the south of China, but they have different opinions of when and how to make a revolution, and the ways to communicate are dangerous. Though some social networks such as the networks of friends or organizations serve as routes in communication{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} e.g, ({Karl-Dieter and Christiane}, 1993)}
, the communication is not free but costly in the sense that it is risky. While Berlin Uprising became a victory, we may then ask how a decisive collective action can be conducted with such information barrier. As political scientists have recognized it, the process of social movement can be traced back to periods ago (e.g., ({McAdam, Doung; Tarrow, Sidney;Tilly}, 2001) ({McAdam}, 2003)), and an event can trigger another event (e.g., ({Lohmann}, 2011) in using informational cascade model to explain the demonstrations in East Germany 1989-1991). In game theory, a well-known feature in the extensive form incomplete information game is that the information sets a player faces are evolved with players\rquote  actions. When rebels know their actions can be used to transmit relevant information about how powerful this discontent is, they may be willing to take actions although taking actions is risky. I view such risky actions as parts of a equilibrium strategy and the entire movement as a learning process. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I model such dynamic collective action in the following way. Players repeatedly play a {{\i k}}-{\i Threshold game} with a parameter {{\i k}} in a network. There are two types of players located in the network, one we called them {\i Rebel} and one we called them {\i Inert}. Players\rquote  types and their actions can be observed {perfectly only} by their neighbors{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} As ({Chwe}, 2000).}
 . A Rebel has two actions, which are {\b revolt} or {\b stay}, while an Inert has only one action, which is {\b inert}. A Rebel will get pay-off as {1} if he chooses {\b revolt} and more than {{\i k}} players choose {\b revolt}; he will get pay-off as {\u8722?1} if he chooses {\b revolt} and less than {{\i k}} players choose {\b revolt}; he will get pay-off as {0} if he chooses {\b stay}. An Inert will get pay-off as {1} if he chooses {\b inert}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Since a Rebel may not know how many Rebels in this world, Rebels\rquote  pay-off structure captures the idea that {\b stay} is a safe arm and {\b revolt} is a risky arm. Given a common prior {{\u960*}} over players\rquote  types, players play this {{\i k}}-Threshold game infinitely repeatedly with a common discount factor {{\u948*}}. Cheap talk is not allowed, no outside mechanism serves as an information exchange device, and the static pay-off is unobservable{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} The assumption that the pay-off is hidden can be relaxed later in Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_varies \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}.}
.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Rebels communicate with each other by playing actions. For different {{\i k}} and different network structures, I am looking for a sequential equilibrium which has the property of {\i approaching ex-post efficient} (APEX henceforth) to investigate such information sharing behavior in the networks. An equilibrium is APEX if and only if {\i the tails of actions in the equilibrium path repeats the static ex-post efficient outcome after a finite time {{\i T}}}. This refinement is to check if players learned the relevant information in the path. If there are at least {{\i k}} Rebels in this society, then {\i all} Rebels should {\b revolt} after {{\i T}} by knowing that more than {{\i k}} Rebels exist; otherwise, {\i all} Rebels should {\b stay} after {{\i T}}. Rebels\rquote  incentives to communicate are affected by Rebels\rquote  positions in networks since the information structures are modeled as networks.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In order to get a quick intuition about Rebel\rquote s learning process in the proposed framework, consider the {{\i k}}-Threshold game with {{\i k}={\i n}}. I.e. a Rebel can get positive pay-off only if all the players are Rebels. Assume that the networks are fixed, finite, connected, commonly known, and undirected (FFCCU henceforth), an APEX sequential equilibrium can be constructed by a contagion-like argument. This argument is to treat {\b stay} as the message of \ldblquote there is an Inert out there\rdblquote ; and treat {\b revolt} as the message of \ldblquote there could be no Inert out there \rdblquote . If I (a Rebel) have an Inert neighbor, then I play {\b stay} forever. If I have no Inert neighbors, then I play {\b revolt} until I observe that some of my neighbor play {\b stay}, and then I shift to play {\b stay} forever. Since the networks are FFCCU, within finite periods, a Rebel will learn that there is an Inert out there if some neighbors has played {\b stay} and learn that there is no an Inert out there otherwise.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The non-trivial cases appear when {{\i k}<{\i n}}. The equilibrium construction when {{\i k}={\i n}} is simple because the binary actions, {\{{\b stay},{\b revolt}\}}, exactly separate the states into two parts, no Inerts or some Inerts. It is similar to the full-rank condition in which actions can generate distinguishable distribution of signals to tell the true states of nature{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} e.g., ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2010) or ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2011).}
. However, when {{\i k}<{\i n}}, such binary actions have to carry more information to communicate such relevant information. As I will show later, several sequences of actions will be used to transmit Rebels\rquote  private informations and to control Rebels\rquote  beliefs in equilibrium. In the equilibrium path, two kinds of sequence will be used. The first kind, {\i reporting messages}, is to report the information about the state of nature; the second one, {\i coordination messages}, is to report the information about whether some other Rebels have known such relevant information. The coordination message means to serve as a short-cut to bypass the tracking of individuals\rquote  higher-order beliefs about \ldblquote some Rebels have known the relevant information\rdblquote , \ldblquote some Rebels have known some Rebels have known the relevant information\rdblquote , etc.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Note that communication is not free but costly in the sense that playing {\b revolt} is risky. Due to there being discounting, Rebels always seek the opportunity to manipulate their messages to save their costs in the time horizontal line{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} Indeed, allowing cheap talk or using limit-of-mean preference (e.g., ({Renault and Tomala}, 1998)) will solve this coordination problem.}
. A free rider problem may occur when reporting information incurs costs. Consider a situation where two nearby Rebels exchange information {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}}
. Suppose that, after acquiring information from the other\rquote s truthful reporting, each of them can learn the true state. Suppose further that each of them can freely initiate the coordination after exchanging information. In this situation, truthful reporting is not a best response given that the other will report truthfully since one can wait for the other\rquote s truthful reporting if reporting incurs expected costs. The intuition behind the above situation is to see the future coordination as a public good. This public good can only be made by Rebels\rquote  truthful reporting, which incurs some costs.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In order to keep track the belief updating in the equilibrium path, I use an off-path belief to enforce Rebels\rquote  strategies to satisfy some specified forms. If the strategies did not satisfy those specified forms, they will be considered as deviations. This off-path belief serves as a grim trigger as the following way. Whenever a Rebel detects some deviations, he believes that all other players outside his neighborhood are Inerts. Thus, if there are less than {{\i k}} Rebels in his neighborhood, he will play {\b stay} forever. These specified forms of strategies should be elaborated once this grim-trigger-like off-path belief is adopted. Since a Rebel may shift to play {\b stay} forever if he detects that some Rebels\rquote  strategies did not follow those specified forms, we need enough forms of strategies to be considered as in-path strategies to keep Rebels \ldblquote willing\rdblquote  to play {\b revolt}. Recall that Rebels can only be monitored by their neighbors, a Rebel\rquote s deviation may only be detected by some of their neighbors. Since that, if a Rebel\rquote s deviation can keep at least {{\i k}} Rebels not shifting to {\b stay}, he has incentives to do so. This is because a Rebel\rquote s pay-off is not strictly increasing with the total number of Rebels\rquote  revolts and sending information is costly. Those neighbors who detect such Rebel\rquote s deviation, however, then fall outside a coordination and therefore the APEX outcome can not be sustained.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The main result will show that this coordination problem can be solved in the FFCCU networks {\i without cycles}. Here, I define a {\i path} in {{\i G}} is a sequence consisting of distinct nodes in which a node is a neighbor of some nodes there, and then I define a undirected network {{\i G}} without cycles by defining a network in which the path between different nodes is unique. After I define {\i strong connectedness} as the property that there is always a path consisting of Rebels to connect any pairs of Rebels, the main result shows:\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Result 1} {\i {\b Main Result} In any FFCCU network without cycles, if the state has strong connectedness and if {{\u960*}} has full support on the strong connectedness states, then for {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}{\u8804*}{\i n}}, there is a {{\u948*}} such that a (weak) sequential equilibrium which is APEX exists. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 This paper contributes to several fields of economics. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 First, the future coordination can be viewed as a public good among all Rebels. A strand of public good literatures, such as ({Lohmann}, 1994), is to view information as a public good while generating information is costly{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} For instance, ({Lohmann}, 1993)({Lohmann}, 1994) consider that individuals generate information by their actions, where their actions are public signals. ({Bolton and Harris}, 1999) consider team experiment in infinite time horizon where the outcomes of experiments are public signals. ({Bramoull\'e9 and Kranton}, 2007) view information as a public good and consider public good provision in networks.}
. This paper models costly information generation, while adding another aspect, network-monitoring, to investigate a collective action behavior.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Second, this paper is also related to the literature in social learning{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} Reviews can be seen in ({Bikhchandani et\~al.}, 1998) ({Cao and Hirshleifer}, 2001).}
. Several papers have considered social learning in networks {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} ({Goyal}, 2012) gives the reviews. Recent papers, e.g., ({Acemoglu et\~al.}, 2011)({Chatterjee and Dutta}, 2011), also discuss this topic}
. In these literatures, when players are myopic, the information flows could be very complicated because the information they sent can in turns affect their future behaviors. For instance, in ({Gale and Kariv}, 2003), even for 3-person connected undirected networks, the complete network and incomplete network will give different convergence results which highly depend on individuals\rquote  initial private signals and their allocations in a network. In ({Golub and Jackson}, 2010), instead of using Bayesian learning, they use a naive learning protocol to tackle with this social learning problem. This paper then consider the social learning in networks as a learning-in-game procedure, where individual can put more weights on the future learning results. My result gives a hint that the shape of network (without cycle) did not matter too much if players are far-sighted.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Third, a growing literature consider the game played in networks where various games played in various networks by various definitions of networks{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} ({Jackson}, 2008)({Goyal}, 2012) gives the reviews.}
. Only few literatures among them discuss the repeated game. In complete information game. ({Laclau}, 2012) proves a folk theorem where players play the game locally. ({Wolitzky}, 2013) ({Wolitzky}, 2014) consider network-like monitoring where a prisoner dilemma game played globally. This is the first paper to consider the incomplete information game repeatedly played in a network. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The literatures in folk theorems in discounted repeated game with incomplete information are also related. In those literatures, they consider more general games than the games adopted here. However, as fas as my knowledge, a sufficient condition to show a folk theorem in incomplete information and imperfect monitoring setting has not yet proposed to covered my setting. ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2010) ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2011) ({Wiseman}, 2012) considering {{\i n}}-person game with public signals jointly generated by the states and actions; ({Yamamoto}, 2014) considering {2}-person game with private signals jointly generated by the states and actions. There, the full-rank conditions are imposed to let single-period actions generate informative signals to separates the states. Here, I consider {{\i n}}-person game without signals and thus the full-rank conditions are not imposed before solving the equilibrium. I do not mean to prove a folk theorem here, my results however shows that the FFCCU networks without cycles are sufficient to sustain the ex-post efficiency when discount factor is sufficiently high. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 A final comment here is that the free rider problem may become more severe when a network has cycles. If a network has no cycles, a lemma in this paper will show that the potential free rider problems only happen locally between at most two nearby Rebels. However, when a network has cycles, there is an example to show that this problem can happen among more Rebels. I will discuss this problem later.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The paper is organized as the followings. Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_model \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} introduces the model. Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_equilibrium \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} discusses the equilibrium construction and shows the main result. Some variations will be discussed in its subsection \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_varies \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}. Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_con \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} makes the conclusion. All the missing proofs can be found in Appendix.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_model}2{\*\bkmkend BMsec_model}  Model\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMDef_expost_efficient}2.1{\*\bkmkend BMDef_expost_efficient}  Model\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Given a finite set {{\i A}}, denote {#{\i A}} as the cardinality of a set {{\i A}}, and denote {{\u916*}{\i A}} as the set of probability distribution over {{\i A}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There are {{\i n}} players. Denote {{\i N}=\{1,2,...,{\i n}\}} as the set of players. We say {{\i G}} is a network if {{\i G}} is a point-to-set function mapping from {{\i N}} to a subset of {{\i N}} containing {{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}. Moreover, we denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i G}({\i i})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {{\i i}}\rquote s neighbors and also denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\\\{{\i i}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {{\i i}}\rquote s neighborhood excluding {{\i i}} self. We say {{\i G}} is fixed if {{\i G}} is not random, and say {{\i G}} is undirected if for all {{\i i},{\i j}} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Throughout this paper, I assume {{\i G}} is finite, fixed, commonly known, and undirected. The set of states of nature is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}=\{{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\,{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and let {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}} is a state of nature. For convenience, denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ [{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})=\{{\i j}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of Rebels given {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}}. Given {{\i G}}, let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}):{\u964*}{\u8594*}2\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u964*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s information partition function such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*})={\u928*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\{{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})\}{\u215*}\{{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\,{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?#{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. That is, whenever nature chooses a state, {{\i i}} knows his own {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and his neighbor {{\i j}}\rquote s {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There is a game, {{\i k}}-threshold game, infinitely repeated played with common discounted factor {{\u948*}} in a fixed {{\i G}}. Time is discrete, infinite horizontal. At the beginning of this game, a state is realized and there is a common prior {{\u960*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u916*}{\u964*}} over {{\u964*}}. After a state is realized, players simultaneously choose an action {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in each period afterwards. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{{\b revolt}\\,{\b stay}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{{\b inert}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s action if {{\i i}}\rquote s type is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\u928*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\,{\i j}{\u8800*}{\i i}}){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the actions taken by players other than {{\i i}}. Player {{\i i}}\rquote s static pay-off function, denoted as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}):{\u928*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}){\u8594*}{{\i R}}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, in this {{\i k}}-threshold game is defined as followings. {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #\{{\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt}\}{\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #\{{\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt}\}<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=0}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b stay}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b inert}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The players can only observe the history of their neighbors\rquote  actions and the pay-off is hidden. Specifically, let {{\i s}} be a period, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})= \\i \\pr({\i t}=0,{\i s}, ) \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}),, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of histories player {{\i i}} can observe up to period {{\i s}}. Denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})= \\i \\pr({\i s}=0,{\u8734*}, ){\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be all the possible histories {{\i i}} can observe. {{\i i}}\rquote s pure behavior strategy is a sequence {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=({\u964*}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,...\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,...)}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}):{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}){\u215*}{\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\u8594*}{\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a measurable function with respect to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}){\u215*}{\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. For convenience, given {{\u920*}}, also denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}=\{{\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})= \\i \\pr({\i m}=0,{\i s}, ) \\i \\pr({\i i}=1,{\i n}, ){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}= \\i \\pr({\i s}=0,{\u8734*}, ){\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The prior {{\u960*}}, the network {{\i G}}, and strategies {{\u964*}} induce a joint distribution over {{\u964*}{\u215*}{\i H}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the conditional distribution over {{\u964*}} conditional on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} induced by {{\u964*}} for player {{\i i}} at period {{\i s}}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u948*},{\i G}})({\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u964*})|{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})))}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the conditional expected pay-off conditional on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for player {{\i i}} with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 We say a prior {{\u960*}} over a finite set has full support if {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 2.1} {\i {{\u960*}} has full support if and only if {{\u960*}({\u920*})>0} for all {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The equilibrium concept here is the (week) sequential equilibrium. Given a network {{\i G}}, I am looking for a sequential equilibrium which is APEX. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 2.2} {\i  A sequential equilibrium is APEX if and only if for all {{\u920*}} there is a finite time {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u920*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that the tails of actions after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u920*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in equilibrium path repeats the ex-post efficient outcome. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In other words, in APEX, all the Rebels play {\b revolt} forever after some finite periods if there are more than {{\i k}} Rebels; otherwise, Rebels play {\b stay} forever after some finite periods. The definition of APEX directly implies that Rebels must tell if there are more than {{\i k}} Rebels or not in the equilibrium path as the following observation shows. This proof is in Appendix.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Lemma 2.1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_learn}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_learn} Given {{\i G}}, {{\u960*}}, {{\u948*}}, {{\i k}}. If a sequential equilibrium {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is APEX, then given a {{\u920*}}, there is a finite time {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u920*},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for a Rebel {{\i i}} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u920*}:#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k},, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} either {=1} or {=0} whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}{\u8805*}{\i T}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u920*},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The following example shows that an APEX can be founded if the {{\u948*}} is high enough. In this example, some Rebels play the roles as \ldblquote coordinators\rdblquote  to reveal the relevant information to others. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 2.1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_leading_ex}{\*\bkmkend BMex_leading_ex} Suppose there are 3 players in a network. This network is set as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})=\{1\\,2\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})=\{1\\,2\\,3\}}}{\fldrslt }}
},and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})=\{2\\,3\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the following graph.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i They are playing the {{\i k}}-threshold game with {{\i k}=3} infinitely repeatedly. Note that after nature moves, player 2 can observe the true state of nature {{\u920*}}, while player 1 or 3 are not. Player 2 plays the role as a coordinator. We can construct an equilibrium which is APEX as the followings. \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
After nature moves, Rebel 2 chooses {{\b revolt}} if he observes {{\u920*}=({\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l},{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l},{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l})}, and plays {\b revolt} in this period. Otherwise, he chooses {\b stay} and keeps playing {\b stay} afterwards. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
After nature moves, Rebel 1 and Rebel 3 play {\b stay}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
If Rebel 2 chooses {\b revolt} in the last period, then Rebel 1 (or Rebel 3) plays {\b revolt} in this period; if Rebel 2 chooses {\b stay} in the last period, then Rebel 1 (or Rebel 3) keeps playing {\b stay} afterwards. \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps0\i Given the prior has full support, the above strategies constitute an equilibrium if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}{\u8805*} \\F(1,2)}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In the equilibrium, Rebel 1 and Rebel 3 believe that {\{{\u920*}:#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}3\}} with probability one if they observe that Rebel 2 has played {\b revolt} and believe {\{{\u920*}:#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<3\}} with probability one if Rebel 2 has played {\b stay}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In the following section, I begin to find an APEX equilibrium in a more general setting.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_equilibrium}3{\*\bkmkend BMsec_equilibrium}  Equilibrium\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMprop_not_crowded}3.1{\*\bkmkend BMprop_not_crowded}  The case: {{\i k}={\i n}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_leading_ex \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}, the construction of an APEX equilibrium relies on some important features. First, since {{\i k}={\i n}}, Rebel 2 will never play {\b revolt} if one of his neighbor is Inert. Thus, when Rebel 2 plays {\b revolt}, it must be the case that all Rebel 2\rquote s neighbor are Rebels. Second, Rebel 1 or Rebel 3 can force Rebel 2 to play {\b revolt} to reveal the true state in the first period since only Rebel 2 knows the true state and Rebel 2\rquote s actions can separate the states. Third, since {{\i k}={\i n}}, one Rebel\rquote s shifting to play {\b stay} forever is enough to punish a deviation, and so that the group punishment is not necessary. For instance, if a Rebel did not play {\b revolt} in the first period at the state {{\u920*}=({\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l},{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l},{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l})}, his neighbor can punish him by playing {\b stay} forever. This punishment is credible by letting that player who deviated plays {\b stay} forever after he deviated. I then generalize the results for {{\i k}={\i n}} cases after one definition, {\i connected}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.1} {\i A path from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}, {{\i i}{\u8800*}{\i j}} in an undirected network {{\i G}} is a finite sequence {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,...\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})={\i i}\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})\\,...\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})={\i j}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,...\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are all distinct. An undirected network is connected if and only if for all {{\i i},{\i j}}, {{\i i}{\u8800*}{\i j}} there is a path from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Theorem 1} {\i  In any FFCCU network, if the prior has full support on {{\u964*}}, then for {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {{\i k}={\i n}} played in such network, there is a {{\u948*}} such that a sequential equilibrium which is APEX exists. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_strong_connectedness}3.2{\*\bkmkend BMex_strong_connectedness}  The cases : {1<{\i k}<{\i n}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 When {{\i k}<{\i n}}, the equilibrium constructed for the {{\i k}={\i n}} case will not work. First, a Rebel still has incentive to play {\b revolt} even if there is an Inert neighbor. Second, an Inert never transmit additional information about relevant information since they have only one action. We then require more assumptions on the states of natures and on the priors over the states of nature to get an APEX equilibrium. Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_strong_connectedness \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} shows why we need additional assumptions.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.1} {\i  Let {{\i k}=2} and let the network as the following. Assume {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}=({\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})\\,{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i First, since {{\i k}=2}, Rebel 1 has incentive to play {\b revolt} when {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u960*}(\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is high enough given that Rebel 3 will play revolt . Second, Rebel 1 never learn {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})}}{\fldrslt }}
} since Inert 2 can not reveal information about {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. We are now in the incomplete information game without communication. Clearly, an equilibrium which is APEX did not exist in this case.\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In order to update Rebel\rquote s belief to get an equilibrium which is APEX (Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}), I narrow down the states of natures and the priors on them to avoid similar cases as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_strong_connectedness \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}}. Define {\i Strong connectedness} and {\i Full support on strong connectedness} as the following.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.2} {\i {\b Strong connectedness}: Given {{\i G}}, a state {{\u920*}} has strong connectedness if and only if for every pair of Rebels, there is a path consisting of Rebels to connect them. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.3} {\i {\b Full support on strong connectedness}: Given {{\i G}}, {{\u960*}} has full support on strong connectedness if and only if {1>{\u960*}({\u920*})>0} whenever {{\u920*}} has strong connectedness. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The goal of this paper is to show that a (weak) sequential APEX equilibrium always exists when {{\i k}<{\i n}} in FFCCU networks without cycle given that {{\u948*}} is sufficiently high. I define cycles in FFCCU networks in the following definition and state my main theorem in Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.4} {\i A FFCCU network is without (with) cycles if and only if the path from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}, for {{\i i}{\u8800*}{\i j}}, is (is not) unique. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Theorem 2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMthm_main_result}{\*\bkmkend BMthm_main_result} In any FFCCU network without cycles, if {{\u920*}} has strong connectedness and {{\u960*}(\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}{{\i h}{\i a}{\i s}{\i s}{\i t}{\i r}{\i o}{\i n}{\i g}{\i c}{\i o}{\i n}{\i n}{\i e}{\i c}{\i t}{\i e}{\i d}{\i n}{\i e}{\i s}{\i s}}\})=1} with full support on strong connectedness, then for {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}<{\i n}} played in networks, there is a {{\u948*}} such that a (weak) sequential equilibrium which is APEX exists. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The equilibrium in Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} is constructive. I begin with an overview of equilibrium construction, and then illustrate such construction. The whole equilibrium strategies and the omitted proofs are all in Appendix. \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_cycle_number_5}3.2.1{\*\bkmkend BMex_cycle_number_5}  Overview\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Given that the state has strong connectedness, Rebels have to find a way to communicate with each other. The construction of APEX is not trivial now because the \ldblquote dimension\rdblquote  of information is generally larger than the cardinality of their own action space. Rebels then use several sequences of actions to transmit information, and thus we have to track the belief updating in the time horizontal line and to check if such sequences constitute an equilibrium. To see that Rebel need to communicate information with more dimensions, compare Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}} and Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_6 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.2} {\i  Let {{\i k}=5} and let the network and the state {{\u920*}} as the following.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}}}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Example 3.3} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_cycle_number_6}{\*\bkmkend BMex_cycle_number_6} Let {{\i k}=6} and let the network and the state {{\u920*}} as the following. {\par
{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_6 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}, there are 6 Rebels, while there are 5 Rebels in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}}. Suppose now we have a \ldblquote talking strategies\rdblquote . Rebel 3 and Rebel 5 can talk about \ldblquote how many\rdblquote  Rebels in their neighborhood to Rebel 1 and Rebel 2. Rebel 1 and Rebel 2 then talk with each other about \ldblquote how many\rdblquote  Rebels they have known conditional on Rebel 3 and Rebel 5\rquote s taking. In some ways, Rebel 1 and Rebel 2 can initiate the coordination to play revolt conditional on \lquote how many\rdblquote  Rebels they have known. The question is that Rebel 1 and Rebel 2 still don\rquote t know how many Rebels out there after Rebel 3 and Rebel 5\rquote s talking since Rebel 3 and Rebel 5 will reveal the same number in both cases. Thus, \ldblquote talking about how many" nearby Rebels is not enough, Rebels have to \ldblquote talking about the locations\rdblquote  of nearby Rebels to get APEX. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Only having talking strategies to reveal both number and locations is, however, not enough to get APEX. Although Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}} shows that there is a timing such that each Rebel have known the relevant information, but it did not characterize how Rebels commonly known that. This higher-order information about \ldblquote Have some Rebels known relevant information? \rdblquote  is an apparently giant object in the private monitoring setting. Here, Rebels use several \ldblquote coordination sequences\rdblquote  to communicate this information by sending such sequences if they have known that some Rebels have known the relevant information.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I construct an APEX equilibrium with a weaker sequential consistent by assuming an off-path belief which has a grim-trigger property. More specifically, if a Rebel detect a deviation, he form the off-path belief as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})={\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\,{\i j}{\u8713*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\},, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({{\u920*}}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i s}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. I.e., a Rebel will think all players outside his neighborhood are Inerts and stop update his belief. Thus, if a Rebel has less than {{\i k}} Rebel neighbors, he will play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The equilibrium is constructed by three steps as the following three subsections shows. In the first step, I define the {\i information hierarchy in {{\i G}}} which gives a characterization to specify which Rebels have to report their information in equilibrium and gives the notations in constructing equilibrium. In second step, I show Rebels\rquote  strategies by showing the binary {\{{\b revolt},{\b stay}\}}-sequences used in equilibrium path and give the belief updating in the path. Finally, I discuss such grim-trigger-like off-path belief in the third step and give the idea of proof to show Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_empty}3.2.2{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_empty}  Step 1. Information hierarchy in {{\i G}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The information hierarchy is defined on a network {{\i G}} after nature chooses a state but before the game is played. I will use the term \ldblquote node {{\i i}}\rdblquote  instead of \ldblquote player {{\i i}}\rdblquote  in this step. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The definition is by iteration. I define information hierarchy by defining {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})\\,{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})\\,{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,{\i i}})...\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})\\,{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})\\,{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,{\i i}})...\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for each {{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}, and then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\\,{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})\\,{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\\,{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})...\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for each iteration in {(0,1,2,...)}. I also use the term \ldblquote blocks\rdblquote  to represent the \ldblquote iterations\rdblquote . \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Given {{\u920*}}, the information hierarchy is defined as the followings. {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 0-block} Denote {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u8801*}\{{\i i}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u8712*}[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (1)}\par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 1-block} Denote {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Define the set {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} by defining {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8660*}{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})[{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\f5\u8838*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i j}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})]}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (2)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1}){\u8801*}\{{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})|{\i i}{\u8713*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (3)}\par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b {t+1}-block, {t{\u8805*}1}} Denote {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})}){\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Define the set {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} by defining {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u8660*}{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})[{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\f5\u8838*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i j}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})]}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (4)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1}){\u8801*}\{{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|{\i i}{\u8713*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (5)}\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \fi0 Thus, by examining the definition of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes are those nodes who have known some other Rebels but none of their neighbors have known these Rebels. Such nodes have the information at {{\i t}}-block, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, which contains the updating information about {{\u920*}}. Since communication may incur expected costs, if a Rebel\rquote s private information can be fully reported by his neighbors and if there is no punishment, then he has no incentives to report it. Recall the Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_leading_ex \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}, there Rebel 2 is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node and Rebel 1 or 3 are not.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I characterize Rebels\rquote  incentives in this step, and let only {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes to report {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in next two steps. Moreover, if the networks are without cycles, Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_empty \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} shows that it is sufficient to just let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes to report information in the sense there is time {{\i t}} and a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node who will know the true state. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Theorem 3} {\i  If the network is FFCCU without cycle and if the state has strong connectedness, then \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}{\f5\u8658*}{\f5\u8707*}{\i t}{\u8805*}0[{\f5\u8707*}{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})[{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})={\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 3.2.3  Step 2: Equilibrium strategies in the path\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 First, I assigned each player in a fixed network a distinguished prime number. Such indexation is starting from {3}. I index players {(1,2,...,{\i n})} as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ (3\\,5\\,...\\,{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a prime number and the prime number assigned to {{\i i}} will be {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since the multiplication of distinguish prime numbers can be uniquely de-factorized as those numbers, I then use this property to let Rebels simultaneous report both the number and the locations of their Rebel-neighbors by reporting the multiplication of those prime numbers.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I denote {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}} as a form of sequence. Denote {{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}{\f5\u8834*}{\i N}} as an non-empty subset of {{\i N}}. The notations for the forms of sequences are shown in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_form \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}. \par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_msg_form}1{\*\bkmkend BMTable_msg_form}: Forms of sequences}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1 Forms of sequences" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N},, ){\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b stay}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b revolt}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},...,{\b s}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b revolt}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b r},...,{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}\\,{{\b r}\\,{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i X}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}\\,{{\b r}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}\\,{{\b r}\\,{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i x}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Denote {|{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}|} as the length of a form of finite sequence. The forms of sequences and the length of such forms will jointly determine the sequences I used in equilibrium. For example, if a sequence takes the form {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and its length {|{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}|=3}, then this sequence is {{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},{\b s},{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}}. Note that the length of a form is calculate from the end of such sequence.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In the equilibrium path, two kinds of periods, {\i reporting period} and {\i coordination period}, occur in turns in the following way, \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {<{{\i c}{\i o}{\i o}{\i r}{\i d}{\i i}{\i n}{\i a}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i p}{\i e}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i d}}>}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0\u8722?{\i b}{\i l}{\i o}{\i c}{\i k}}){<{{\i r}{\i e}{\i p}{\i o}{\i r}{\i t}{\i i}{\i n}{\i g}{\i p}{\i e}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i d}}><{{\i c}{\i o}{\i o}{\i r}{\i d}{\i i}{\i n}{\i a}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i p}{\i e}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i d}}>}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1\u8722?{\i b}{\i l}{\i o}{\i c}{\i k}})...}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 I.e. after nature chooses a state, all the Rebels start with {0}-block, then enter to {1}-block,...,and so on. {0}-block has only one period, coordination period. The {{\i t}}-blocks, {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} has two periods, reporting period and coordination period, where reporting period occurs first and then coordination period follows. The length of each period in each block is finite but endogenous.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If a sequence of actions has been played in reporting period (or coordination period), I called it a {\i reporting messages} (or {\i coordination messages}). In reporting period in each {{\i t}}-block ({{\i t}{\u8805*}1}), Rebels use the sequences defined in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} to report their {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} contingent on the histories they observed. In coordination period in each {{\i t}}-block ({{\i t}{\u8805*}0}), Rebels use the sequences defined in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} to check if there are some Rebels have known the relevant information. After the coordination period in each {{\i t}}-block ({{\i t}{\u8805*}0}), they either start to coordination to some actions or enter to next reporting period in {{\i t}+1}-block. I start to give the details of these messages.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Reporting messages in reporting period\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the total number of periods in {{\i t}}-block reporting period. I consider those pure strategies where the outcomes in equilibrium path take the following forms of sequences with length {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} shows. Any deviation from those forms in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} will be considered as a deviation. \par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_msg_reporting}2{\*\bkmkend BMTable_msg_reporting}: Reporting messages}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "2 Reporting messages" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6632\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {Reporting Messages}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6632\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6632\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6632\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 In the equilibrium path, the beliefs a Rebel {{\i j}} will form after observing his neighbor {{\i i}}\rquote s reporting messages are shown in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_blf_up_reporting}3{\*\bkmkend BMTable_blf_up_reporting}: Belief updating after reporting period}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "3 Belief updating after reporting period" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2753\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2921\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {The events {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} believe with probability one}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2753\cellx2921\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2753\cellx2921\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}{\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2753\cellx2921\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\i i}} has known {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Thus, Rebel can tell who are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} after reporting period. Recall that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} Rebels are those Rebels who have known some other Rebels any of their neighbors hasn\rquote t known, if a Rebel {{\i j}} have observed that all of his neighbors are not in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then he is sure that {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The important feature here is the usage of {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. It serve as a signal to indicate a pivotal player and to solve some potential free rider problems. I elaborate this issue here by providing some examples and give more details in the discussion for coordination period in next subsection. These problems happen when we allow a coordination message such that every Rebels can use regardless how their reporting messages. Consider the Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.4} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_free_rider_tree}{\*\bkmkend BMex_free_rider_tree}{\b Free Rider Problem}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Let {{\i k}=5} and assume that there are message {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for Rebel 4, 5. To simply the analysis, let the game play starting from {1}-block, i.e. by discarding the strategies in {0}-block and staring the game from the reporting period. Further, assume Rebels will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} being played by Rebel 4 or 5 once immediately after reporting period; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Let {{\i G}} be the followings.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Note that Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} members. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are the sequences of actions they may use to report the number of Rebel neighbors. If Rebel 5 report truthfully, then Rebel 4 will not report truthfully by arranging the occurrence of {\b revolt}s. Since Rebel 4 has a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} to initialize the coordination, such deviation is profitable. Same situation happens for Rebel 5, and then Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 will not report truthfully.\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In the above example, two sources constitutes the free rider problem. One is that there is a coordination messages which can be used regardless the reporting messages. The other one is that Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 are {\i pivotal} since they are sure that they will learn the true state given others\rquote  truthful reporting immediately after reporting period. To see the later source more clearly, consider the following Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.5} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_pivotal_1}{\*\bkmkend BMex_pivotal_1}{\b Pivotal player: Case 1} Let {{\i k}=6} and suppose that there are message {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for Rebel 3,5,7 to initiate a coordination. Let the game play starting from {1}-block as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}. Further, suppose Rebel will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} being played once in two periods immediately after this reporting period; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Let {{\i G}} be the followings. {\par
{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Note that Rebel 3, 5, 7 are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} members. Differently from Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}, although Rebel 3, 7 have coordination messages, they still have incentives to report truthfully. This is because there is a possibility such that Rebel 5 will misunderstood the true state if they did not report truthfully to him, and they can not know the true state immediately after reporting period. Since the coordination to {\b revolt} has to be initiated immediately after this reporting period, they have incentives to report truthfully.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \scaps0\i Rebel 5, however, has no incentive to report truthfully given others\rquote  truthful reporting since he is sure that he will know the true state immediately after reporting period. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Combine the discussions in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} and Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}} , a way to deal with the free rider problem is to identify who is the pivotal player in the reporting period. If we can identify them, we can let them report nothing but sending the coordination messages. If the networks are FFCCU without cycles, Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} shows that the free rider problem can be identified before the game enter to {{\i t}}-block and the pivotal player can be identified either. More precisely, first define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as a tree rooted in {{\i i}} node while it leaves spanning from {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.5} {\i {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}}){\u8801*}\{{\i l}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}:{{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i i}{\i s}{\i a}{\i u}{\i n}{\i i}{\i q}{\i u}{\i e}{\i p}{\i a}{\i t}{\i h}{\{{\i l}\\,...\\,{\i j}\\,{\i i}\}} from {{\i l}} to {{\i i}} through {{\i j}}}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 and define the set \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})=\{{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}):{\u8708*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})[{\i l}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){{\i a}{\i n}{\i d}}{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}})]]\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 be those {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes such that there are no nodes connect with them by a path which has more than \ldblquote two walks\rdblquote . For instance, the nodes Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes and Rebel 5 in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}} is also a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node. Then we can show the following lemmas. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Lemma 3.1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes} If the network is FFCCU without cycle, and if the state has strong connectedness, then for each {{\i t}}-block {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 0{\u8804*}|{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|{\u8804*}2}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i 2.\tab
Moreover, suppose there are two nodes in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then they are each other\rquote s neighbor. \par
}}}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\b Lemma 3.2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_no_node_outside}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_no_node_outside} If the network is FFCCU without cycle, and if the state has strong connectedness, then for each {{\i t}}-block \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u8658*}{{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i i}{\i s}{\i n}{\i o}{\i n}{\i o}{\i d}{\i e}{\i o}{\i u}{\i t}{\i s}{\i i}{\i d}{\i e}{\i o}{\i f}}{\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} is crucial because a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node can identify with each other by just checking the definition of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. If there are more than one {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes, we just pick a node who has smaller prime index to be a pivotal player{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} This property is not generally hold if a network has cycle.}
. Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_no_node_outside \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}} characterize the intuition behind Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 However, Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_no_node_outside \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}} does not show only the node in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are pivotal. Some pivotal players thus can not be identified before the game enter {{\i t}}-block. Since that, we have to identify them during the game is played, and therefore we have to track their evolving information sets sequentially. This another source to let players become pivotal is that {\i a Rebel has already known too much}, and therefore he is sure that he will learn {either {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}} after current reporting period. Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.6}}} give a concrete example.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.6} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_pivotal_2}{\*\bkmkend BMex_pivotal_2}{\b Pivotal player: Case 2} Let {{\i k}=6}. Again, assume that there are coordination message {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}s for Rebels. Let the game play starting from {1}-block as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}. Again, assume Rebel will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}} being played once in four periods{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} It requires four periods to let the coordination message transmit.}
 immediately after reporting period; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Let {{\i G}} be the followings.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i In this case, no Rebels are in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, but Rebel 4 will deviate from reporting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Note that Rebel 4 has already known there are 5 Rebels in this world, therefore knowing one more Rebels is enough to initiate the coordination to {\b revolt}. Moreover, if there is no more Rebels, the only coordination is the coordination to {\b stay}. If node 6 is a Rebel, Rebel 5 will report that, and therefore he will know {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}6}; Otherwise, due to the state has strong connectedness, he will also know {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<6} for sure immediately after reporting period. Since he can use the message {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}} to initiate the coordination, this deviation is profitable. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 After the discussion in the above examples, the message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is introduced to specify the pivotal players. The pivotal players are those Rebels who have already known there are {{\i k}\u8722?1} Rebels in the equilibrium path, or who are in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The pivotal players will play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in the equilibrium path, and therefore the beliefs after observing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is that {\i a Rebel has known {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}\u8722?1}} in the the path as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} shows.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Coordination messages in coordination period\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The ignorance of reporting messages after observed a coordination message {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}} may incur untruthfully reporting as the above Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}, \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}, and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.6}}} show, and the introducing of messages {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is meant to tackle with this issue. However, one may have observed that the combination of these two messages, {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}, themselves is another \ldblquote coordination message\rdblquote . I.e., {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9002*}} is another coordination message by truncating previous actions of {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and concatenate the remaining to {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}. If the contingent behavior after observing this new coordination message is the same as seeing the original one, {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}, the untruthfully reporting problem has not been solved. In this section, I still let {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} as a reporting messages and call those {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}} coordination messages, but I let the belief updating be contingent not only on the coordination messages but also on reporting messages.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There are three divisions in coordination period and there are several sub-blocks in each division. In {{\i t}=0} block, the form is \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{1} sub-block}}){\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{1} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i n}} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
;\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 in {{\i t}>0} blocks, the form is \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i n}} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i t}+1} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i n}} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\i n}=#{\i N}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the {{\i m}} sub-block in {{\i q}} division, and denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the total number of periods in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The outcome of pure strategies in equilibrium path takes the following forms of sequences with length {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} shows. {\par
\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_msg_coordination}4{\*\bkmkend BMTable_msg_coordination}: Coordination messages}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "4 Coordination messages" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6623\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {Coordination messages}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6623\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6623\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6623\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6623\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 In the following paragraphs, I will focus on the behaviors in the coordination period in {{\i t}>0} block, while Appendix shows the equilibrium path in coordination period in {{\i t}=0} block. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The belief a Rebel {{\i j}} form after observing {{\i i}} after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in equilibrium path is as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} shows. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebel {{\i j}} will be notified one more event: {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}. Clearly, {{\i j}} will play {\b stay} forever if this event has been notified. In order to transmit this information about this event, Rebels will play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} unless they observe someone play {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in the path in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdt21 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdtm1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}} shows. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i n}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the information of {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}} will be transmitted across all players. {\par
\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_blf_up_cdt11}5{\*\bkmkend BMTable_blf_up_cdt11}: Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "5 Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx2142\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3865\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2142\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3865\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {The events {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} believe with probability one}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdt21}6{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdt21}: In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "6 In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx2648\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx4773\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2648\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4773\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdtm1}7{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdtm1}: In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "7 In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3639\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6704\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}+1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
},{{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3639\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6704\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3639\cellx6704\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3639\cellx6704\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Game enter to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebels start to check if the coordination to {\b revolt} can be initiated. The coordination message to initiate the coordination is {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}} shows. The important features here is that {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} is a coordination message {\i only if} {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} has been played in reporting period. First, note that {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} is also the message to coordinate to {\b stay} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}1} and note that this is the only candidate to be a message to coordinate to {\b stay}. Rebels are not confused about the information which {\b stay} carries since the information is now contingent on the reporting messages. Second, {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} incurs no expected cost in equilibrium path. It is important because otherwise a free rider problem will happen again if such message incurs expected costs. Third, since this message is contingent on the reporting messages, initiating the coordination to {\b revolt} is \ldblquote not free\rdblquote  since it requires Rebels to report something in reporting period to initiate that. This trade-off between reporting something and reporting nothing will force Rebels to report something in reporting period in order to take chances to initiate the coordination to {\b revolt}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 After the initiating in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebels start to transmit the information of {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdtm2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{10}}} shows. That is, they will play {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} unless they observe someone play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{{\i t}+1}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the information of {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} will be transmitted across at least {{\i k}} Rebels. \par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_blf_up_cdt12}8{\*\bkmkend BMTable_blf_up_cdt12}: Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "8 Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx1860\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3359\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx4858\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx1860\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3359\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4858\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {The events {{\i j}} believe with probability one}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdt12}9{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdt12}: In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "9 In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx2020\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3646\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx5272\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2020\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3646\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5272\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdtm2}10{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdtm2}: In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "10 In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3639\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6704\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}+1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
},{{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3639\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6704\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3639\cellx6704\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3639\cellx6704\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Game finally enter to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In this period, those {{\i k}} Rebels who have known the information of {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} will start to play {\b revolt} forever, and this is the first period in the path in which a Rebel may get positive expected pay-off by playing {\b revolt}. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, other Rebels start to transmit this information to all of the Rebels to coordinate to {\b revolt} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdm3 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{12}}} shows.\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cd13}11{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cd13}: In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "11 In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx4038\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6692\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {1{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}{\i t}+1}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4038\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6692\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} has played}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx4038\cellx6692\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx4038\cellx6692\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {Otherwise}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table : In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "12 In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  {\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3220\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6680\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}+1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3220\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6680\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3220\cellx6680\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3220\cellx6680\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb360 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_deviation}3.2.4{\*\bkmkend BMex_deviation}  Step 3: Off-path Belief\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Whenever Rebel {{\i i}} detects a deviation, he forms the belief {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})={\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\,{\i j}{\u8713*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\},, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({{\u920*}}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_grim_trigger}6{\*\bkmkend BMeq_grim_trigger})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i s}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Thus, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, he will play {\b stay} forever and this is credible after {{\i t}}-block, {{\i t}>0}. This off-path belief then serve as a grim trigger to impede Rebels\rquote  deviation. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 As a discussion in Introduction, if the criteria in judging a deviation is too strict, an APEX equilibrium may not be sustained by using grim trigger. Due to the private monitoring structure, a deviation may be only detected by some Rebels while at least {{\i k}} Rebels cannot detect it. Since that, at least {{\i k}} Rebels may play {\b revolt} forever while the other Rebels may play {\b stay} forever if such judging is too strict. This phenomenon gives another reason why the message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is introduced. Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_deviation \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.7}}} (, a modification of Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}) gives a concrete example to illustrate a case if {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is not introduced, while this grim-trigger-like off-path belief is adopted. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.7} {\i  Let {{\i k}=5} and suppose that there are message {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for Rebel 3,5,7 to initiate a coordination. Let the game play starting from {1}-block as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}. Suppose Rebel will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\i if no deviation be detected}; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Moreover, assume that Rebels can only use the pure strategies in which the outcome satisfies the form of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in reporting period; {\i otherwise, it will be consider as a deviation}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Let the {{\i G}} and {{\u920*}} be the following, and let the players be indexed by distinct prime numbers.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Assume {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,3})})>{\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,5})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,7})})>{\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,5})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since that, Rebel 5 will get the information from Rebel 3,7 before he reports {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since that, Rebel 5 has a profitable deviation by just reporting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u298l\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})={\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\u215*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\u215*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7})<{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})}}{\fldrslt }}
} to let Rebel 3, 7 think he is still in the path and to let the coordination to {\b revolt} be succeeded. Rebel 6 can detect such deviation since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u298l\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})}}{\fldrslt }}
} did not include Rebel 6\rquote s own index {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. However, if Rebel 6 form the off-path belief as Equation \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMeq_grim_trigger \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}, he will then play {\b stay} forever although the coordination has been succeeded.\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Due to the pay-off function is not strictly increasing with the number of {\b revolts}, some Rebels will be excluded from coordination with this grim-trigger-like strategies. As Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_deviation \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.7}}} shows, some strategies other than {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} have to be considered as the strategies in the equilibrium path to avoid the situation where some Rebels are out of an existing coordination. The introducing of message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} gives more equilibrium paths when grim trigger is adopted. \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_in_the_path}3.2.5{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_in_the_path}  Sketch of the proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In previous subsections, I have listed the belief updating in equilibrium path by showing the the belief updating after observing various messages. Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}} show that the equilibrium path is APEX where the consistent in-path belief updating is listed in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}, \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}, and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Lemma 3.3} {\i  If the state has strong connectedness, then for all {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}{\u8804*}{\i n}} played in any FFCCU network without cycles, the equilibrium is APEX. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 For the histories outside of equilibrium path, they could be detectable or undetectable. The argument to prove Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} is as the following. First, I use off-path belief to prevent players from making detectable deviations, such as deviations from playing the specified forms of sequences listed in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}. Then I argue that any undetectable deviation made by a Rebel before he knows the relevant information, {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}, will create noises in his own learning process and then reduce his own expected continuation pay-off. To see why making undetectable deviation will create noises to impede the learning process before he knows the relevant information, consider the case when a Rebel wants to mimic pivotal plays\rquote  behaviors by sending {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. According to Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}, the continuation playing by his neighbors after observing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is to play {\b stay} forever or to play {\b revolt} forever. Since all his neighbors repeats the same action, he can not learn additional information about {{\u920*}}. When {{\u948*}} is high enough, since he can learn the relevant information by Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}} if he stay in the path, he is better off by staying in the equilibrium path to achieve the maximum static pay-off as 1 when {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} and achieve the maximum static pay-off as 0 when {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}. Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}} shows this argument.\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_varies}3.3{\*\bkmkend BMsec_varies}  Discussion\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 3.3.1  Variation: Pay-off as signals\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The assumption on the observability of pay-off can be relaxed without change the result in Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. One may consider a situation such that the static pay-off depends not only on joint efforts but also depends on other random effects, says the weather.{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} e.g.,({SHADMEHR and BERNHARDT}, 2011)}
. Specifically, consider there is a public signal {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}{\f5\u8712*}\{{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} generated by Rebels\rquote  actions. Let Rebel {{\i i}}\rquote s pay-off function be {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i y})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b stay}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}))={\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b stay}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))={\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The distribution of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})|#{\b revolt}{\u8805*}{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})|#{\b revolt}<{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})|#{\b revolt}{\u8805*}{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})|#{\b revolt}<{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 with {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}))+{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))>{\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})>{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i f}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}))+{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (7)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 and {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 1>{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})>0\\,1>{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}})>0\\,{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i f}})=1\u8722?{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})\\,{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}})=1\u8722?{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (8)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Equation (6) is a generalization for the previous setting. Equation (7) is a full support assumption on signal {{\i y}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 We can construct exactly the same equilibrium strategies by ignoring the noisy signal {{\i y}} when Equation (7) holds. By directly checking the equilibrium path constructed in previous sections (see also Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}), {\i at most one} Rebel playing {\b revolt} in a period before some Rebels play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, and thus the signal {{\i y}} is not relevant before some Rebels play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. Moreover, playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} comes from a Rebel\rquote s observation in reporting period where Rebels\rquote  strategies are independent from {{\i y}}, and thus playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is independent from {{\i y}}. We then just check if a Rebel want to deviate to play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} to get additional information coming from {{\i y}}. According to equilibrium strategies in the path, however, playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} will incur either coordination to {\b stay} or coordination to {\b revolt} after current block as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}} shows. Since signal {{\i y}} is noisy, and since Rebels\rquote  actions will repeat, he can not learn the relevant information. As the same argument in Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}, he is better off by staying in the equilibrium path.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If Equation (7) fails, and so that the signal {{\i y}} is not noisy, says {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})={\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the equilibrium constructed in the previous section is no longer an equilibrium. However, another APEX equilibrium can be constructed by letting all Rebels play {\b revolt} in the first period, and then keep playing {\b revolt} or {\b stay} contingent on the signals {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} when {{\u948*}} is sufficiently high.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 3.3.2  Variation: Rebels with different levels of efforts\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Consider a model in which players have different levels of efforts to contribute to a collective action. Let the set of states of nature be {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u964*}={\u964*}{\u215*}{\u926*}}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u926*}=\{1\\,2\\,...\\,{\i k}\}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Let {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}=({\u920*},{\i e})}, where {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}} and {{\i e}{\f5\u8712*}{\u926*}}. {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}} is interpreted as a state of nature in which a player {{\i i}} could be either a Rebel or Inert with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} efforts, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u8712*}\{1\\,2\\,...\\,{\i k}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. When a Rebel {{\i i}} plays {\b revolt}, he contributes {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} efforts to a collective action, while the success of such collective action requires {{\i k}} amount of efforts. If the collective action succeed, such Rebel {{\i i}} will get {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i b}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})>0}}{\fldrslt }}
} as his reward. The pay-off structure is modified as the following. {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))={\i b}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt},, ){\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=\u8722?{\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt},, ){\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=0}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b stay}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b inert}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 After the nature chooses a {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}}, players repeatedly play the above game in a network {{\i G}}. To see that the equilibrium constructed in previous section is still an equilibrium, transform the network and the state {({\i G},{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*})} to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ({\i G}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})\\,{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that, in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ({\i G}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})\\,{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}, there are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} different players attached to a single player {{\i i}} for each {{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}, and all the players are with levels of efforts as 1. What matters here is that the states of nature are finite and discrete, and therefore we can use prime indexing to construct the equilibrium as previous section shows.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_no_free_rider_cycle}3.3.3{\*\bkmkend BMex_no_free_rider_cycle}  Variation: networks with cycles\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The prime indexing can deal with a potential free problem when networks have cycles, although we may need to redefine the information hierarchy in order to redefine which Rebels are forced to report their private information. Consider the following Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_no_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.8}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.8} {\i  Let {{\i k}=6}. Rebel 3 and Rebel 4 have the same information {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,3})={\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,4})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since reporting is costly, if there is no punishment, Rebel 3 (or Rebel 4) may shirk and deviate from truthfully reporting if Rebel 4 (or Rebel 3) can reports truthfully. However, this kind of deviation can be detected by Rebel 5 (or Rebel 2) since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
} should be equal to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,4})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Indeed, this monitoring technique will be less invalid if the network is not commonly known. In this example, if Rebels has asymmetric information about network structure, says Rebel 5 (or Rebel 2,3) does not certain about if there is a link between Rebel 4 and Rebel 2, then Rebel 4 can just pretend that he doesn\rquote t know Rebel 2{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} However, if there is asymmetric information about network structure, then Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_no_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.8}}} is not exactly a free rider problem. Dependent on what asymmetric information is given, Rebel 3 and Rebel 4 then have different incentives in untruthful reporting. Untruthful reporting could be a dominant strategy for Rebel 4 but not necessary be a dominant strategy for Rebel 3.}
. The analysis in incomplete information about network structure is beyond the scope of this paper. Recent paper such as ({Galeotti et\~al.}, 2010) deal with the issues when network is not commonly known.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There is another free rider problem which is harder to deal with. Remind that the implicit technique in my equilibrium construction is that the pivotal Rebels can be identified before the game is played in each reporting period in each block. When the networks has cycles, the selection of pivotal Rebels needs more elaboration. Consider Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.9}}}. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.9} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_free_rider_cycle}{\*\bkmkend BMex_free_rider_cycle} Let {{\i k}=6}. Suppose the network and {{\u920*}} is as the following. \par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Assume that one round of reporting is done. Rebel 2 has known {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 6})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 8})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 9})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebel 4 has known {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 9})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 8})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 6})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and so on. One more round of reporting will let Rebels 3,6,7,4,9,8 know the true state {{\u920*}}, and therefore Rebels 3,6,7,4,9,8 are all pivotal players. We may have a rule as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} to pick up a pivotal Rebel, say we pick Rebel 4 before entering the next reporting period. However, this pivotal player selection is ex-post. The true state {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})}}{\fldrslt }}
} could be as the following.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Now node 4 is an Inert and so that he is not a pivotal Rebel. Some other rules are needed to be applied to select a pivotal Rebel (say, Rebel 5 in this case) during the game is played. \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 As Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} or \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.9}}} show, a free rider problem may occur if the selection of pivotal Rebels is not done before the game is played. When the networks has cycles, this problem seems more harsh and the selection rule may not be done before the game is played. Though it is possible to construct a selection rule, this rule is still infeasible in this paper. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I leave a conjecture here and end this section.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Conjecture 3.1} {\i  For {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}<{\i n}} played in any FFCCU network, if the state {{\u920*}} has strong connectedness and {{\u960*}(\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}{{\i h}{\i a}{\i s}{\i s}{\i t}{\i r}{\i o}{\i n}{\i g}{\i c}{\i o}{\i n}{\i n}{\i e}{\i c}{\i t}{\i e}{\i d}{\i n}{\i e}{\i s}{\i s}}\})=1} with full support, then there is a {{\u948*}} such that there is a (weak) sequential equilibrium which is APEX. }\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_con}4{\*\bkmkend BMsec_con}  Conclusion\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 I model a coordination game and illustrate the learning processes generated by strategies in a sequential equilibrium and answer the question proposed in the beginning: what kind of networks can conduct coordination in a collective action game with information barrier. In the equilibrium, players transmit the relevant information by encoding such information by their actions in the time horizontal line. Since there is an expected cost in coding information, potential free rider problems may occur to impede the learning process. When the networks are FFCCU without cycle, players can always learn the underlying relevant information and conduct the coordination only by their actions in a equilibrium. However, what kinds of equilibrium strategies can constitute a learning process to learn the relevant information in the networks with cycles still remains to be answered.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Existing literatures in political science and sociology have recognized the importance of social network in influencing individual\rquote s behaviour in participating social movements, e.g., ({Passy}, 2003)({McAdam}, 2003)({Siegel}, 2009). This paper views networks as routes for communication where rational individuals initially have local information, and they can influence nearby individuals by taking actions. Such influence may take long time to travel across individuals. A characterization in the speed of information transmission across a network is not answered here, although it is an important topic in order to give more attentions in the details of network structures. This question would remain for the future research.\par
{\pard\plain\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Acemoglu, M.\~A. Dahleh, I.\~Lobel, and A.\~Ozdaglar. {Bayesian Learning in Social Networks}. {\i The Review of Economic Studies}, 78 (4): 1201\endash 1236, 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~Amitai. {Cheap-Talk with Incomplete Information on Both Sides}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Bikhchandani, D.\~Hirshleifer, and I.\~Welch. {Learning from the Behavior of Others: Conformity, Fads, and Informational Cascades}, 1998.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 P.\~Bolton and C.\~Harris. {Strategic Experimentation}, 1999.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 Y.\~Bramoull\'e9 and R.\~Kranton. {Public goods in networks}. {\i Journal of Economic Theory}, 135 (1): 478\endash 494, 2007.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 H.\~H. Cao and D.\~A. Hirshleifer. {Conversation, Observational Learning, and Informational Cascades}. {\i SSRN Electronic Journal}, Nov. 2001.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 K.\~Chatterjee and B.\~Dutta. {Credibility and strategic learning in networks}, Jan. 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~S.-Y. Chwe. {Communication and Coordination in Social Networks}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 67 (1): 1\endash 16, 2000.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Fudenberg and Y.\~Yamamoto. {Repeated Games Where the Payoffs and MonitoringStructure Are Unknown}. {\i Econometrica}, 78 (5): 1673\endash 1710, 2010.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Fudenberg and Y.\~Yamamoto. {Learning from private information in noisy repeated games}. {\i Journal of Economic Theory}, 146 (5): 1733\endash 1769, 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Gale and S.\~Kariv. {Bayesian learning in social networks}. {\i Games and Economic Behavior}, 45 (2): 329\endash 346, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Galeotti, S.\~Goyal, M.\~O. Jackson, F.\~Vega-Redondo, and L.\~Yariv. {Network games}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 77 (1): 218\endash 244, 2010.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 B.\~Golub and M.\~O. Jackson. {Na\'efve Learning in Social Networks and the Wisdom of Crowds}, 2010.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Goyal. {\i {Connections: An Introduction to the Economics of Networks}}. Princeton University Press, 2012. ISBN 140082916X.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~O. Jackson. {Social and Economic Networks}. Aug. 2008.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 O.\~Karl-Dieter and G.\~Christiane. {Dissident groups, personal networks, and spontaneous cooperation: The East German revolution of 1989.} {\i American Sociological Review}, 58 (5): 659\endash 680, 1993.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~Laclau. {A folk theorem for repeated games played on a network}. {\i Games and Economic Behavior}, 76 (2): 711\endash 737, 2012.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Lohmann. {A Signaling Model of Informative and Manipulative Political Action}. {\i American Political Science Review}, 87 (2): 319\endash 333, 1993.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Lohmann. {Information Aggregation Through Costly Political Action}. {\i The American Economic Review}, 84 (3): 518\endash 530, 1994.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Lohmann. {The Dynamics of Informational Cascades: The Monday Demonstrations in Leipzig, East Germany, 1989\u226?\u128?\u147?91}. {\i World Politics}, 47 (01): 42\endash 101, June 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~McAdam. {Beyond Structural Analysis: Toward a More Dynamic Understanding of Social Movements}. In {\i Social Movements and Networks}. Oxford University Press, Oxford, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 C.\~{McAdam, Doung; Tarrow, Sidney;Tilly}. {\i {Dynamics of Contention}}. Cambridge University Press, 2001. ISBN 0521011876.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 F.\~Passy. {Social Networks Matter. But How? } In {\i SOCIAL MOVEMENTS AND NETWORKS}, pages 21\endash 48. Oxford U Press, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 J.\~m. Renault and T.\~Tomala. {Repeated proximity games}. {\i International Journal of Game Theory}, 27 (4): 539\endash 559, 1998.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~SHADMEHR and D.\~BERNHARDT. {Collective Action with Uncertain Payoffs: Coordination, Public Signals, and Punishment Dilemmas}. {\i American Political Science Review}, 105 (04): 829\endash 851, Nov. 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~A. Siegel. {Social networks and collective action}. {\i American Journal of Political Science}, 53 (1): 122\endash 138, 2009.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 T.\~Wiseman. {A partial folk theorem for games with private learning}, 2012.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Wolitzky. {Cooperation with network monitoring}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 80 (1): 395\endash 427, 2013.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Wolitzky. {Communication with tokens in repeated games on networks}. {\i Theoretical Economics}, Jan. 2014.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 Y.\~Yamamoto. {Individual learning and cooperation in noisy repeated games}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 81 (1): 473\endash 500, 2014.\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_I_subset_N}5{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_I_subset_N}  Appendix\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}}\par
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\b proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_empty \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 This proof follows three useful claims, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_I_subset_N \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} and Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_connected \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}. First note that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} can be expressed as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})={\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})}){\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 0})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1})})...{\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i t}\u8722?2})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 1})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_info_nb}9{\*\bkmkend BMeq_info_nb})}\par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 while {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be expressed as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})={\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1})}){\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 0})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2})})...{\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i t}\u8722?3})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 0})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2})})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_nb}10{\*\bkmkend BMeq_nb})}\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 1} {\i  {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\f5\u8834*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma1}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma1} If the network is FFCCU without cycle, then for each {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} block, we have {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u8660*}{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){{\i a}{\i n}{\i d}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\u8800*}{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 3} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_connected}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_connected} If the network FFCCU without cycle and if the state has strong connectedness, then if there is a pair of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes then there exists a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-path connecting them. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 I begin to prove this Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_empty \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}. I first claim that if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8834*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Then I claim that if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})<#{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Finally, I iterate {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\i t}{\u8805*}0} to get the conclusion.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} but {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, I claim that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8834*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The proof is by contradiction. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\u8836?{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} but {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\u8713*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be expressed as Equation \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMeq_info_nb \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}, there is no such a path {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i i}\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,...\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})\\,{\i j}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})\\,...\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and therefore {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i t}+1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and hence there is no such a path containing a node in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i t}+1}}{\fldrslt }}
} connecting {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}. But {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}\\,{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if there is no such a path, then it violate either Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_connected \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} or Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. Contradiction.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Next I claim that if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})<#{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The proof is the followings. Given a node {{\i i}} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} (could be {{\i i}} itself) be the node connected with {{\i i}} with the maximum shortest {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} path. This {{\i j}} can be found since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and the network is finite. Then there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node in {{\i j}}\rquote s neighborhood other than the nodes in this path. Since the network is without cycle, there is at most one {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node in {{\i j}}\rquote s neighborhood. But then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} since it violate Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Starting from {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and iterating {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\i t}{\u8805*}0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} but {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there is some {{\i i}} with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8834*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the above paragraph shows; if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then we starting from {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and iterating {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\i t}{\u8805*}{\i t}+1}. Since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})<#{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the above paragraph shows, there is a time {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *})})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then we get the conclusion.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}}}\par
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_no_node_outside \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}}} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMApn_equilibrium}5.1{\*\bkmkend BMApn_equilibrium}  Equilibrium\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 5.1.1  Out-off-path belief\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 If Rebel {{\i i}} detects a deviation at {{\i m}} period, he form the belief as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})(\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u215*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\{{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})\}{\u215*}\{{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?#{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1{\\,}{\i m}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i m}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (11)}\par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 5.1.2  Equilibrium Path: Notations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of finite sequences in which the action {\b r} occurs once and only once. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\i P}{\i F}({\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*},{\i m})} be the {{\i m}}-periods prefix of a finite sequence {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{({\i i},{\i j})}-path be the set of paths from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}.\par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 5.1.3  Equilibrium Path: reporting period\par
\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 reporting period: notations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\i m}} be a period in reporting period in {{\i t}} block. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the total periods in reporting period in {{\i t}}-block \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of {{\i i}}\rquote s neighbors {{\i j}}s who has played a sequence {{\i M}} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}={\i P}{\i F}({\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\i m})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}{\f5\u8712*}{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} at period {{\i m}}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8801*}({\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i k}})){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the updated relevant information gathered by {{\i i}} at period {{\i m}}. Note that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8801*}({\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i k}})){\f5\u8746*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the updated neighborhood which contains {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\u8801*}\{{\i l}{\u8713*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})|{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i e}{\i x}{\i i}{\i s}{\i t}{\i s}{\i a}{({\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}-path}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be all the possible Rebel nodes outside of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}}){\u8801*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}}){\u8745*}({\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be all the possible Rebel nodes in the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
}\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 reporting period: automata\par
\pard\plain\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b WHILE LOOP} {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
At {{\i m}{\u8805*}0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, report {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} and then play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Otherwise, {\b runs POST-CHECK } \par
}}\pard\plain\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b WHILE LOOP} {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
At {{\i m}{\u8805*}0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, report {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} and then play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Otherwise, {\b runs MAIN } \par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b MAIN}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}{\u8805*}0}, \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
At {{\i m}=0} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})=#{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
At {{\i m}=0} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8708*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then runs {\b CHECK.{0}}. Otherwise, recall {\b MAIN} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 3.\tab
At {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 0{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}|{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|\u8722?|{\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
}, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\b stay}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 4.\tab
At {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i m}=|{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|\u8722?|{\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}|+1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\b runs CHECK.k}\par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b CHECK.{0}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}=0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, i.e. if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8708*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}}){\u8726*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i C}}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?2,{\i i}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})<{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?2,{\i i}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}={\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\b runs POST-CHECK } \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}={\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b CHECK.{m}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}>0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there are two cases, {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
Case 1: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
Case 2: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ /{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
Case 2.1: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ /{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}({\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\\{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\b Note:thiscaseisthecasewhen{i{\f5\u8712*}C}, thus recall Check.0}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
Case 2.2: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}({\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\\{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b CHECK.k}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}{\u8805*}1}, {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then {\b runs CHECK.{m}} \par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b POST-CHECK}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
At {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i m}=|{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})|{\u8805*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b revolt}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b stay}\par
}}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 5.1.4  Equilibrium path: coordination period\par
\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 coordination period: notations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\i m}} be a sub-block in coordination period. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\u8801*}\{{\i l}{\u8713*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})|{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8726*}{\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i e}{\i x}{\i i}{\i s}{\i t}{\i s}{\i a}{({\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}-path}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be all the possible Rebel nodes outside of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}}){\u8801*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}}){\u8745*}({\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be the set of possible Rebel nodes in the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
}\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 coordination period: automata\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 1st Division} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 In 1st division, for {{\i t}=0} block,\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b stay} forever.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}/{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \li600\fi0 In 1st division, for {{\i t}>0} block and for {1{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}{\i n}} sub-block, {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\i i}} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b stay} forever.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and there are some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} have played {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}, then play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 2nd Division} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 In {{\i t}=0} block {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 . \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 . \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} have played play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in the 1st division, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 . \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in the 1st division, then play {\b stay} forever.\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \li600\fi0 In {{\i t}>0} block, if there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that {{\i j}} has played {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in the {\b 1st Division} , then run the following automata. Otherwise, play {\b stay} forever.\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {1}-sub-block: play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {2{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}{\i t}+1} sub-blocks: \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}0}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})+1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (a)\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {{\i m}=1} sub-block \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (b)\tab
or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} sub-blocks \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li2400\fi0 then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in {{\i m}+1} sub-block.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 2.\tab
Otherwise, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in current sub-block \par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {1}-sub-block: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\i i}} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 2.\tab
If {{\i i}} has not played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and if there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 3.\tab
If {{\i i}} has not played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and if there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 |{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})|\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li3000\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 |{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})|\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li3000\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}-sub-block: \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}0}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (a)\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {{\i m}=1} sub-block, or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (b)\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} sub-blocks \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li2400\fi0 then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in {{\i m}+1} sub-block. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 2.\tab
Otherwise, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in current sub-block. \par
}}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 3rd Division} \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
{\b INITIATING} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 If {{\i i}} has observed {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {1}-sub-block in {\b 2nd Division} or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} sub-blocks {\b 2nd Division} or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (c)\tab
{\b s} in the {\b 3rd Division} \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li1200\fi0 then play {\b revolt} forever\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
{\b NOT INITIATING} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 Otherwise, play {\b stay} in current period. \par
}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_either_success_or_fail}5.1.5{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_either_success_or_fail}  Proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The proof is organized as the following. In Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_either_success_or_fail \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} and Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}, we show that a Rebel will learn {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}} in the equilibrium path. Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}} also show that the equilibrium path is ex-post efficient. Since that, there is a time {{\i T}} such that a Rebel\rquote s static pay-off after {{\i T}} is {1} if {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {0} if {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}. Such pay-offs after time {{\i T}} is the maximum static pay-off contingent on {{\u920*}}. In Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_detection_reporting_period \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}, I show that if a Rebel makes detectable deviation, then there is a positive probability event {{\i E}} (by the full support assumption) contingent on this deviation such that his expected continuation static pay-off is strictly lower than that in equilibrium path after {{\i T}}. Finally, in Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_deviation_higher_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_must_report_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}, and Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_report_with_no_message_coordination_period \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}, I show that if a Rebel makes undetectable deviation, then there is a positive event {{\i E}} (by the full support assumption) contingent on this deviation such that his expected continuation static pay-off is also strictly lower than that in equilibrium path after {{\i T}}. Since the static pay-off after {{\i T}} is maximum for all {{\u920*}} in equilibrium path, there is a {{\u948*}} such that a Rebel will not deviate. I then conclude this theorem.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 To simplify the notations, if {{\i P}({\u920*})} is a property of {{\u920*}}, then I abuse the notations by letting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i P}({\u920*})|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})){\u8801*} \\i \\su({\u920*}:{\i P}({\u920*}),, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}. I also say \ldblquote {{\i i}} knows {{\i P}({\u920*})}\rdblquote  to mean {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i P}({\u920*})|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 4} {\i  In the equilibrium path and for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}} is a period in reporting period. If {{\i i}} report {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then either Rebels coordinate to {\b revolt} after {{\i t}}-block or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Next, I prepare the claims to show that a Rebel will not deviate. I start with Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_detection_reporting_period \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} in which the deviation is detectable.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 5} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_detection_reporting_period}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_detection_reporting_period} For {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}} is a period. Denote {{\i D}} be the set of Rebels who detect {{\i i}}\rquote s deviation. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\i D}{\u8800*}{\u8709*}}, then there is a {{\u948*}} such that {{\i i}} will not deviate. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Next, I prepare the claims to show that a Rebel will not deviate if such deviation is undetectable.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 6} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_deviation_higher_reporting}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_deviation_higher_reporting} In reporting period for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there is a {{\u948*}} such that {{\i i}} will not deviate by reporting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u298l\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} if such deviation is not detected by {{\i i}}\rquote s neighbor. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 7} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success} In reporting period for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8804*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\i i}} did not satisfy the condition to play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in equilibrium path, then {{\i i}} will not play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 8} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_must_report_1}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_must_report_1} In reporting period for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})(#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})\u8722?1,{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))>0}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then if {{\i i}} can report {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then {{\i i}} will not report {{\f5\u9001*}{\i l}{\f5\u9002*}} when {{\u948*}} is high enough. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 9} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_report_with_no_message_coordination_period}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_report_with_no_message_coordination_period} Given a {{\i m}} period in coordination period in {{\i t}}-block, suppose there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in reporting period in {{\i t}}-block, suppose {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and suppose {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there is {{\u948*}} such that {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
if {{\i i}} has not observed {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} played by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
if {{\i i}} has not observed {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} played by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i q}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i g}{\u8805*}2} \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps0\i then {{\i i}} will not play {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i q}+1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i g}{\u8805*}2} \par
}}}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 After the above claims, we can take a sufficiently high {{\u948*}} to let all the above claims hold. Since a deviation is either detectable or non-detectable, and a deviation happens either in reporting period or coordination period, I conclude that this theorem holds by above claims. \par
}}
