{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red239\green219\blue197;
\red205\green149\blue117;
\red253\green217\blue181;
\red120\green219\blue226;
\red135\green169\blue107;
\red255\green164\blue116;
\red250\green231\blue181;
\red159\green129\blue112;
\red253\green124\blue110;
\red35\green35\blue35;
\red31\green117\blue254;
\red173\green173\blue214;
\red25\green158\blue189;
\red115\green102\blue189;
\red222\green93\blue131;
\red203\green65\blue84;
\red180\green103\blue77;
\red255\green127\blue73;
\red234\green126\blue93;
\red176\green183\blue198;
\red255\green255\blue153;
\red28\green211\blue162;
\red255\green170\blue204;
\red221\green68\blue146;
\red29\green172\blue214;
\red188\green93\blue88;
\red221\green148\blue117;
\red154\green206\blue235;
\red255\green188\blue217;
\red253\green219\blue109;
\red43\green108\blue196;
\red239\green205\blue184;
\red110\green81\blue96;
\red29\green249\blue20;
\red113\green188\blue120;
\red109\green174\blue129;
\red195\green100\blue197;
\red204\green102\blue102;
\red231\green198\blue151;
\red252\green217\blue117;
\red168\green228\blue160;
\red149\green145\blue140;
\red28\green172\blue120;
\red240\green232\blue145;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red178\green236\blue93;
\red93\green118\blue203;
\red202\green55\blue103;
\red59\green176\blue143;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red252\green180\blue213;
\red255\green189\blue136;
\red246\green100\blue175;
\red205\green74\blue74;
\red151\green154\blue170;
\red255\green130\blue67;
\red200\green56\blue90;
\red239\green152\blue170;
\red253\green188\blue180;
\red26\green72\blue118;
\red48\green186\blue143;
\red25\green116\blue210;
\red255\green163\blue67;
\red186\green184\blue108;
\red255\green117\blue56;
\red230\green168\blue215;
\red65\green74\blue76;
\red255\green110\blue74;
\red28\green169\blue201;
\red255\green207\blue171;
\red197\green208\blue230;
\red253\green215\blue228;
\red21\green128\blue120;
\red252\green116\blue253;
\red247\green128\blue161;
\red142\green69\blue133;
\red116\green66\blue200;
\red157\green129\blue186;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red255\green73\blue108;
\red214\green138\blue89;
\red255\green72\blue208;
\red227\green37\blue107;
\red238\green32\blue77;
\red255\green83\blue73;
\red192\green68\blue143;
\red31\green206\blue203;
\red120\green81\blue169;
\red255\green155\blue170;
\red252\green40\blue71;
\red118\green255\blue122;
\red159\green226\blue191;
\red165\green105\blue79;
\red138\green121\blue93;
\red69\green206\blue162;
\red251\green126\blue253;
\red205\green197\blue194;
\red128\green218\blue235;
\red236\green234\blue190;
\red255\green207\blue72;
\red253\green94\blue83;
\red250\green167\blue108;
\red252\green137\blue172;
\red219\green215\blue210;
\red23\green128\blue109;
\red222\green170\blue136;
\red119\green221\blue231;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red146\green110\blue174;
\red247\green83\blue148;
\red255\green160\blue137;
\red143\green80\blue157;
\red237\green237\blue237;
\red162\green173\blue208;
\red255\green67\blue164;
\red252\green108\blue133;
\red205\green164\blue222;
\red252\green232\blue131;
\red197\green227\blue132;
\red255\green182\blue83;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \snext0 Normal ;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font ;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part ;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1 ;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2 ;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3 ;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4 ;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5 ;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6 ;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar ;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar ;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar ;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation ;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum ;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign ;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum ;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray ;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum ;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem ;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter ;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title ;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 author ;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer ;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header ;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption ;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure ;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table ;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular ;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing ;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote ;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs24 \snext38 verbatim ;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext46 List ;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1 ;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture ;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure ;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading ;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem ;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes ;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text ;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text ;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference ;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference ;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym ;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title ;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract ;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading ;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1 ;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2 ;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3 ;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4 ;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5 ;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6 ;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was jmp_v5_revising.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.1.0 (released Mar  5 2010) on Fri Nov 14 15:47:26 2014
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs24\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \fs22 {The Pennsylvania State University}\par
\pard\plain\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Coordination in Social Networks\par
\pard\plain\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 {\i \fs29 {(Job Market Paper)}}\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Chun-Ting Chen{\cs62\super 1}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super1} cuc230@psu.edu \~ {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://chuntingchen.weebly.com/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://chuntingchen.weebly.com}}}}
\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \chdate \par
{\pard\plain\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Abstract\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 This paper studies collective action problems in a setting of discounted repeated coordination games in which players are aware of their neighbors\rquote  inclinations to act collectively and able to monitor their neighbors\rquote  past actions. I define {\i Strong Connectedness} to characterize a state in which inclined players are present along the path between any two players that are inclined to act collectively. Given that the networks are fixed, finite, connected, commonly known, undirected, and acyclic, I show that there is a (weak) sequential equilibrium in which the ex-post efficient outcome repeats after a finite time {{\i T}} in the equilibrium path when discount factor is sufficiently high if the priors have full support on the strong connectedness states. This equilibrium is constructive and does not depend on public or private signals other than players\rquote  actions.\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb360 \fi0 1  Introduction\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 This paper studies collective action in a setting of discounted repeated coordination games, in which information and monitoring structures are modeled as networks. Players are uncertain about the state of nature but can observe their neighbors\rquote  actions. I ask what kind of networks can induce players to solve the underlying uncertainty in order to coordinate to the ex-post efficient outcome. Although the main motivation is to understand the dynamics of social movement, I focus on the collective action within social structures.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Strong discontent exists with the goal to overthrow an authoritarian regime. However, it may be difficult to organize movements because knowledge about the existence of such discontents is not always transparent. For instance, the East Germany government had control over the electoral system and the mass media. The secret agents also deterred individuals from showing their discontent. As ({Karl-Dieter and Christiane}, 1993) and ({Chwe}, 2000) suggest, discontent may be revealed \ldblquote locally\rdblquote  through individuals\rquote  personal networks but difficult to diffuse to the general public. As strong discontent is often private, the lack of knowledge of the general consensus may prevent people from conducting a one-shot uprising when faced with consequences of failure in an autocracy. ({Chwe}, 2000) characterizes the networks that provide common knowledge about peoples\rquote  discontent by investigating a one-shot incomplete information collective action in networks. On the other hand, ({Lohmann}, 2011) considers multi-periods collective action and uses informational cascade model to explain events that trigger following actions, such as the consecutive demonstrations in East Germany during 1989-1991. When rebels are aware of their capacity in transmitting relevant information about the level of collective discontent, they may be willing to act although risks still exist. I view the acts to take the risks in participating in collective action a part of an equilibrium strategy, making the entire movement a learning process.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Inspired by ({Chwe}, 2000), I model such dynamic collective action in the following way. Players repeatedly play a {{\i k}}-{\i Threshold game} with a parameter {{\i k}} in a network. Two types of players are present in the network: {\i Rebel} and {\i Inert}. Players\rquote  types and their actions can be observed only by their neighbors. A Rebel can take two kinds of actions: {\b revolt} and {\b stay}. An Inert can only {\b stay}. A Rebel will get pay-off as {1} if he chooses {\b revolt} and more than {{\i k}} players choose {\b revolt}; he will get pay-off as {\u8722?1} if he chooses {\b revolt} and less than {{\i k}} players choose {\b revolt}; he will get pay-off as {0} if he chooses {\b stay}. An Inert will get pay-off as {1} if he chooses {\b stay}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Since a Rebel may not know how many Rebels are present, Rebels\rquote  pay-off structure captures the idea that {\b stay} is a safe arm and {\b revolt} is a risky arm. Given a common prior {{\u960*}} over players\rquote  types, players play this {{\i k}}-Threshold game infinitely repeatedly with a common discount factor {{\u948*}}. Cheap talk is not allowed; no outside mechanism can serve as an information exchange device. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Rebels then communicate with each other by their actions. For different {{\i k}} and different network structures, I look for a sequential equilibrium which has the property of {\i approaching ex-post efficient} ({\i APEX} henceforth) to investigate the information-sharing behavior in the networks. An equilibrium is APEX if and only if {\i the tails of actions in the equilibrium path repeats the static ex-post efficient outcome after a finite time {{\i T}}}. This refinement confirms if players learns the relevant information in finite time. If there are at least {{\i k}} Rebels in this society, then all Rebels should {\b revolt} after {{\i T}} as if they are certain that more than {{\i k}} Rebels exist; otherwise, all Rebels should {\b stay} after {{\i T}}. Rebels\u226?\u128?\u153? incentives to communicate are affected by Rebels\rquote  positions in networks since information and monitoring are constructed through networks.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In order to achieve a quick intuition about Rebels\rquote  learning process in the proposed framework, we may consider the {{\i k}}-Threshold game with {{\i k}={\i n}} and assume that pay-off is hidden. When {{\i k}={\i n}}, a Rebel can get positive pay-off only if all the players are Rebels. Given that the networks are fixed, finite, connected, commonly known, and undirected ({\i FFCCU} henceforth), an APEX sequential equilibrium can be constructed and explained by a contagion-like argument. This argument is to treat {\b stay} as a message that \ldblquote there is an Inert out there\rdblquote  and treat revolt as a message that \ldblquote there could be no Inert out there\rdblquote . If a Rebel has an Inert neighbor, then he plays {\b stay} forever. If he has no Inert neighbors, then he plays {\b revolt} until he observes that some of his neighbors play {\b stay}, and then he shifts to play {\b stay} forever. Since the networks are FFCCU, within finite periods, a Rebel will learn that there is an Inert out there if some neighbors has played {\b stay} and will learn that there is no an Inert out there otherwise.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The non-trivial cases appear when {{\i k}<{\i n}}. The {{\i k}={\i n}} case is easier because the underlying relevant information is to indicate if \ldblquote there is an Inert out there.\rdblquote  I construct equilibrium when {{\i k}={\i n}} by using single-period binary actions, {\{{\b stay},{\b revolt}\}} to separate the states into two parts: \ldblquote no Inerts\rdblquote  or \ldblquote some Inerts\rdblquote . In other words, these single-period actions can generate distinguishable signals to inform players by telling the true states of nature{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} e.g., ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2010) or ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2011).}
. However, when {{\i k}<{\i n}}, the relevant information is to answer \ldblquote Are there at least k Rebels out there?  \rdblquote , and these binary actions serve to reveal such relevant information. As I will show later, several sequences of actions will be used to transmit Rebels\rquote  private information and to control Rebels\rquote  beliefs in the equilibrium. In the equilibrium path, two kinds of sequence will be used. {\i Reporting messages} reports their private information about the state of nature. {\i Coordination messages} informs Rebels about whether some other Rebels possess the relevant information. Specifically, in the equilibrium path, Rebels will send the coordination message to inform nearby Rebels whenever they learn relevant information. Those nearby Rebels will play the same message again to inform their nearby Rebels. The coordination message serves as a short-cut to track individuals\rquote  higher-order beliefs about \ldblquote Do any Rebels have the relevant information?  \rdblquote , \ldblquote Do any Rebels know that some Rebels have the relevant information? \rdblquote , etc.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 It is important to note that communication is costly in the sense that playing revolt is risky. Due to being discounting, Rebels always seek the opportunity to manipulate their messages to save cost in the time horizontal line {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} Indeed, allowing cheap talk or using limit-of-mean preference (e.g., ({Renault and Tomala}, 1998)) will solve this coordination problem.}
. A free rider problem may occur when reporting information incurs costs. I give an example here to illustrate this issue{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}}
. In a situation where two nearby Rebels exchange information , let\rquote s suppose that these two Rebels can learn the true state after acquiring information from each other\rquote s truthful reporting. Let\rquote s further suppose that each of them can freely initiate coordination after exchanging information. In this instance, truthful reporting is not a best response because a player can wait given that the other will report truthfully. The above scenario demonstrates future coordination as a public good. This public good can only be made by Rebels\rquote  truthful reporting, which incurs costs.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The main result will show that this coordination problem can be solved in the FFCCU networks {\i without cycles}. Here, I define an (acyclic) {\i path} in {{\i G}} as a sequence consisting of nodes without repetition in which a succeeding node is a neighbor of the previous node. I also define an undirected network {{\i G}} without cycles by defining a network in which the path between different nodes is unique. After I define {\i strong connectedness} as the property in which a path consisting of Rebels exists to connect any pairs of Rebels. The main result shows:\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Result 1} {\i {\b Main Result} In any FFCCU network without cycles, if {{\u960*}} has full support on the strong connectedness, then for {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}{\u8804*}{\i n}}, there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that a (weak) APEX sequential equilibrium exists whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}{\f5\u8712*}({\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\\,1)}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Here, {{\u960*}} has full support on strong connectedness, which means that {{\u960*}} assigns positive probability on the states that have strong connectedness and only assigns positive probability on those states. This assumption is to ensure that the underlying game is not reduced to an incomplete information game without communication. To see this, we may recall that an Inert always plays {\b stay}. Rebels can not communicate with any Rebels through their actions if an Inert happens to separate them. For instance, in a wheel network, an incomplete game without communication is that the central player is an Inert while the peripheral players are all Rebels. It is impossible to find an APEX equilibrium in this instance unless {{\i k}=1}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The off-path belief serves as a grim trigger as follows. Whenever a Rebel detects a deviation, he believes that all other players outside his neighborhood are Inerts. Thus, if there are less than {{\i k}} Rebels in his neighborhood, he will play {\b stay} forever. With this off-path belief and the constructed equilibrium strategies, the belief system satisfies {\i updating consistency}(({Perea}, 2002)), while it may not satisfies full consistency (({Kreps and Wilson}, 1982)). {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn}  Updating consistency requires that, for every player, for every player\rquote s strategies, for every information sets {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} follows {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} happens with positive probability given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and given players\rquote  strategies contingent on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then the belief over {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} should satisfy Bayesian updating conditional on the belief over {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and players\rquote  strategies contingent on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In other words, the updating consistency require that players hold beliefs in every information sets and hold updating beliefs that follows previous beliefs. This requirement imposes restrictions on off-path beliefs that induce sequential rationality, although it is weaker than full consistency in the sense that full consistency implies updating consistency.}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The equilibrium construction starts from building a communication protocol. By exploiting the assumption of finite and commonly known network, I assign each node a distinct prime number. Then I construct reporting messages and let them to carry information about the multiplication of nodes\rquote  prime numbers. Since the multiplication of prime numbers can be de-factorized uniquely, the reporting messages thus carry the information about those nodes\rquote  locations in a network. Next, I let two phases, {\i reporting period} and {\i coordination period}, alternate in the time horizon, where the reporting (resp. coordination) messages are played in the reporting (resp. coordination) period. In coordination period, whenever a Rebel can tell the relevant information, such Rebel inform his nearby Rebels by sending coordination messages. Those nearby Rebels then continue to inform their nearby Rebels by sending coordination messages, etc. By exploiting the assumption of FFCCU network, after coordination period Rebels have commonly known that all Rebels can tell the relevant information if they have received coordination messages.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I call a complete two-phases, starting from a reporting period and ending with a following coordination period, a {\i block}. In a block, I control the inter-temporal incentives in playing between reporting and coordination messages as follows. First, I let both of the coordination messages, one of them can initiate the coordination to {\b revolt} and another one can initiate the coordination to {\i stay}, incur no expected cost. Second, I let Rebels play {\b revolt} after a block only if they have observed the coordination message to {\b revolt} and observed some reporting messages which incur expected cost. I let, however, the continued behavior after observing the coordination message to {\b stay} is not contingent on any reporting message. When a Rebel sees potential future coordination to {\b revolt}, he may have an incentive to \ldblquote burn money\rdblquote  to influence Rebels\rquote  future behavior forwardly; otherwise, he just plays stay. Next, in the equilibrium path, I make sure that Rebels plays ex-post efficient outcome repeatedly right after a block if some Rebels initiate the coordination in that block. I argue that only those Rebels who learn relevant information after reporting period have the incentive to initiate coordination since they do not need further information to tell the state. This argument shows that a Rebel other than them will not take advantage to send that free coordination message to initiate coordination. This is because players can not update further information if all of their neighbors continue to play the same actions in the future. When {{\u948*}} is high enough, he will not initiate coordination which may impede his own learning process to achieve the ex-post efficient outcome.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I then characterize Rebels\rquote  incentive in burning money and control how much money they should burn to sustain an APEX equilibrium. In the equilibrium path, a Rebel iteratively updates his relevant information given other Rebels\rquote  money-burning in reporting their information about the state, and a Rebel burns moneys only if his current relevant information has not been acquired by other Rebels. In the equilibrium path, a Rebel thus believes that \ldblquote more other Rebels are out there\rdblquote  if and only if his nearby Rebel burns money to report their existence. Some specified forms of reporting messages are introduced, and the off-path belief enforces Rebels not to play differently from them.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The key step here is to construct a reporting message, \ldblquote burn a money\rdblquote , which incurs the least expected cost; this message should be considered as a part of equilibrium path. I denote this special money as {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. To see its importance, I consider the concept of \ldblquote pivotal Rebel\rdblquote . Here, a pivotal Rebel is the Rebel who attains relevant information immediately after a reporting period ends under the condition that other Rebels report their information truthfully before the pivotal Rebel burns money. Now I suppose playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} not a part of equilibrium path, and suppose a Rebel find that he himself is a pivotal Rebel during a reporting period without having reported anything during that period. He may then find a profitable deviation by burning less money, which can not be detected by at least k Rebels although some Rebels can detect such deviation. Since those Rebels who detect such deviation will play {\b stay} forever by the off-path belief, and this pivotal Rebel can initiate coordination to {\b revolt} by convincing other Rebels to play {\b revolt}, the APEX fails. To solve this problem, I introduce message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} to let pivotal Rebels identify themselves, while coordination messages to {\b revolt} or to {\b stay} have to be initiated immediately after {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} has been played in the equilibrium path.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Under the circumstances in which multiple pivotal players are nearby one another, the APEX may fail because playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} does not explicitly address the number of Rebels learned by pivotal players. The assumption of acyclic networks is crucial to solving these problems. If the networks are acyclic, I will show later that there are only two kinds of pivotal Rebels. One kind is that they recognize that there are at least {{\i k}\u8722?1} Rebels. The other kind is that they will know the true state based on other Rebels\rquote  truthful reporting. The latter might become a free rider problem because they may not recognize that there are at least {{\i k}\u8722?1} Rebels. If the networks are acyclic, Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} will show that the free rider problem only occurs between the two nearby pivotal Rebels in only one block in the equilibrium path. Further, these two nearby Rebels will know that this free rider problem will occur before entering this block. Depending on their indexed prime numbers, one of them reports about the state, and the other one plays {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in the equilibrium. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 This paper contributes to several fields of economics. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 First, future coordination can be viewed as a public good among all Rebels. A strand of public good literature, such as ({Lohmann}, 1994), views information as a public good while generating information is also costly {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} For instance, ({Lohmann}, 1993)({Lohmann}, 1994) consider that individuals generate information by their actions, where the aggregate outcomes of actions is public. ({Bolton and Harris}, 1999) consider team experiment in infinite time horizon where the outcomes of experiments are public signals. ({Bramoull\'e9 and Kranton}, 2007) view information as a public good and consider public good provision in networks.}
. This paper models costly information generation and adds another aspect\emdash  network-monitoring\emdash  to investigate collective action.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Second, this paper is related to the literature in social learning {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} Reviews can be seen in ({Bikhchandani et\~al.}, 1998) ({Cao and Hirshleifer}, 2001).}
 . Several papers have considered social learning in networks{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} ({Goyal}, 2012) gives the reviews. Recent papers, e.g., ({Acemoglu et\~al.}, 2011)({Chatterjee and Dutta}, 2011), also discuss this topic}
 . In this literature, when players are myopic, the information flow could be very complicated because the information they send can affect their future behavior. For instance, in ({Gale and Kariv}, 2003), even for 3-person undirected networks, the complete and incomplete networks will give different results depending on individuals\rquote  initial private signals and allocations in a network. Instead of using Bayesian learning, ({Golub and Jackson}, 2010) use a naive learning protocol to tackle this social learning problem. I consider social learning in networks as a learning-in-game procedure, where an individual may put more weight on the future learning results. My result suggests that the shape of the network (without cycle) is not significant if players are far-sighted.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Third, a growing body of literature studies the game played in networks where various games played in different networks with varying definitions {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} ({Jackson}, 2008)({Goyal}, 2012) gives the reviews.}
. Only few papers discuss the repeated game. In complete information game, Laclau2012 proves a folk theorem where players play the game locally. ({Wolitzky}, 2013) ({Wolitzky}, 2014) consider network-like monitoring where a prisoner dilemma game is played globally. My paper is the first paper to consider the incomplete information game repeatedly played in a network. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 My paper is also related to folk theorems in discounted repeated game with incomplete information. In this literature, they consider more general games than the games adopted here. ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2010) ({Fudenberg and Yamamoto}, 2011) ({Wiseman}, 2012) considering {{\i n}}-person game with public signals jointly generated by the states and actions; ({Yamamoto}, 2014) consider {2}-person game with private signals jointly generated by the states and actions. The full-rank conditions are imposed to allow single-period actions to generate informative signals to separates the states. Here, I consider {{\i n}}-person game without signals and thus do not impose the single-period full-rank conditions before solving the equilibrium. I do not mean to prove a folk theorem here. My results, however, show that the FFCCU networks without cycles suffice in approaching the ex-post efficiency when discount factor is high enough.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The paper is organized as the followings. Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_model \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} introduces the model. Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_equilibrium \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} discusses the equilibrium construction and shows the main result. Some variations of my model will be discussed in its subsection \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_varies \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}. Section \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_con \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} makes the conclusion. All the missing proofs can be found in the Appendix.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_model}2{\*\bkmkend BMsec_model}  Model\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 2.1  Notations\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Given a finite set {{\i A}}, denote {#{\i A}} as the cardinality of a set {{\i A}}, and denote {{\u916*}{\i A}} as the set of probability distribution over {{\i A}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The square bracket {[]} after a quantifier, {{\f5\u8707*}} or {{\f5\u8704*}}, will be read as \ldblquote {\i such that}\rdblquote . For instance, {{\f5\u8707*}{\i a}{\f5\u8712*}{\i A}[{\i c}{\f5\u8712*}{\i A},{\i c}={\i a}]} will be read as \ldblquote exists {{\i a}} in {{\i A}} such that {{\i c}} is in A and {{\i c}} is equal to {{\i a}}.\rdblquote  . \par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMDef_expost_efficient}2.2{\*\bkmkend BMDef_expost_efficient}  Model\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 There are {{\i n}} players. Denote {{\i N}=\{1,2,...,{\i n}\}} as the set of players. We say {{\i G}} is a network if {{\i G}} is a point-to-set function mapping from {{\i N}} to a subset of {{\i N}} containing {{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}. Moreover, we denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i G}({\i i})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {{\i i}}\rquote s neighbors and also denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\\\{{\i i}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {{\i i}}\rquote s neighborhood excluding {{\i i}} itself. We say {{\i G}} is fixed if {{\i G}} is not random, and say {{\i G}} is undirected if for all {{\i i},{\i j}} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Throughout this paper, I assume {{\i G}} is finite, fixed, commonly known, and undirected. For each player {{\i i}}, let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})=\{{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\,{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as an element in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The set of states of nature is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}= \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N},, ){\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and let {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}} is a state of nature. For convenience, denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ [{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})=\{{\i j}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the set of Rebels given {{\u920*}}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})= \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}),, ){\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}):{\u964*}{\u8594*}2\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u964*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s information partition function such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*})=\{{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\}{\u215*} \\i \\pr({\i j}/{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}),, ){\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i P}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*})\}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s information sets about {{\u920*}}. Here, whenever nature chooses a state, {{\i i}} knows his own {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and his neighbor {{\i j}}\rquote s {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There is a game, {{\i k}}-threshold game, played infinitely repeatedly with common discounted factor {{\u948*}} in a fixed {{\i G}}. Time is discrete, infinite horizontal. At the beginning of this game, a state is realized and there is a common prior {{\u960*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u916*}{\u964*}} over {{\u964*}}. After a state is realized, players simultaneously choose an action {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in each period afterwards. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{{\b revolt}\\,{\b stay}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})={\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{{\b stay}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s action if {{\i i}}\rquote s type is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\u928*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\,{\i j}{\u8800*}{\i i}}){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the actions taken by players other than {{\i i}}. Player {{\i i}}\rquote s static pay-off function, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}):{\u928*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}){\u8594*}{{\i R}}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, is defined as follows. {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #\{{\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt}\}{\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #\{{\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt}\}<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=0}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b stay}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b stay}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Players can perfectly observe their neighbors\rquote  actions but can not observe others\rquote  actions. For simplicity, I assume that pay-off is hidden until Section {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsec_varies \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}. Specifically, first let {{\i s}{\u8805*}0} be a period. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})=\{{\u8709*}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i i}})={\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\u215*} \\i \\pr({\i t}=1,{\i s}, ){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of histories of actions played by player {{\i i}} up to period {{\i s}}. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{{\u8709*}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\u215*} \\i \\pr({\i t}=1,{\i s}, ) \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}),, ){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of histories player {{\i i}} can observe up to period {{\i s}}. For convenience, also denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})=\{{\u8709*}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})={\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u215*} \\i \\pr({\i t}=1,{\i s}, ) \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N},, ){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}={\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u215*} \\i \\pr({\i s}=1,{\u8734*}, ) \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N},, ){\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with generic element {{\i h}{\f5\u8712*}{\i H}}. Up to period {{\i s}}, {{\i i}}\rquote s information sets related to histories of actions are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})=\{\{{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\}{\u215*} \\i \\pr({\i j}{\u8713*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}),, ){\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i j}})\}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i h}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i s}}){\f5\u8712*}{\i H}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i s}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 {{\i i}}\rquote s pure strategy is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}):( \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}),, ){\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})){\u215*}{\u8898*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u8734*},{\i s}=0}){\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\u8594*}{\i A}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. For convenience, also denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}=\{{\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The prior {{\u960*}}, the network {{\i G}}, and the strategy {{\u964*}} jointly induce a distribution, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u947*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, over {{\u964*}{\u215*}{\i H}}. Given a realization {({\u920*},{\i h})} according to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u947*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u964*},{\u920*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the realized sequence of actions generated by {{\u964*}} given {{\u920*}}. Denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}\\,{\i h}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})|{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the conditional distribution over {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}{\u215*}{\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} conditional on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and induced by {{\u964*}} for player {{\i i}} at period {{\i s}}. For convenience, also denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))= \\i \\su({\i h}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}}){\f5\u8712*}{\i H}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}}),, ){\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}\\,{\i h}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})|{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Finally, let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u948*},{\i G}})({\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u964*})|{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}\\,{\i h}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})|{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})))}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s continuation expected pay-off conditional on ({{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}) and induced by {{\u964*}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\f4 {\i P}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\u215*}{\f4 {\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s information sets at period {{\i s}}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})= \\i \\pr({\i s}=0,{\u8734*}, ){\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be {{\i i}}\rquote s information sets. The equilibrium concept here is the (week) sequential equilibrium. A (weak) sequential equilibrium is a pair of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\u964*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\\,{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a collection of distributions over players\rquote  information sets with the property that, for all {{\i i}}, for all {{\i s}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}\\,{\i h}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})|{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))={\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}\\,{\i h}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}})|{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u8712*}{\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is reached with positive probability given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. For all {{\i i}}, for all {{\i s}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} maximizes {{\i i}}\rquote s continuation expected pay-off conditional on ({{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}) for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 We say a prior {{\u960*}} has full support if {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 2.1} {\i {{\u960*}} has full support if and only if {{\u960*}({\u920*})>0} for all {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Given a network {{\i G}}, I am looking for a sequential equilibrium which is {\i approaching efficient} (APEX). \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 2.2} {\i A strategy {{\u964*}} is APEX if and only if, for all {{\u920*}}, there is a finite time {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u920*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that the actions in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u964*},{\u920*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} repeats the static ex-post Pareto efficient outcome after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u920*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} . }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Definition 2.3} {\i  A sequential equilibrium {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ({\u964*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\\,{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} is APEX if and only {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is APEX. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In other words, in APEX strategies, all the Rebels play {\b revolt} forever after some finite periods if there are more than {{\i k}} Rebels; otherwise, Rebels play {\b stay} forever after some finite periods. The following lemma shows that Rebels must tell if there are more than {{\i k}} Rebels in finite time in the APEX equilibrium. The proof for this lemma is in the Appendix.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Lemma 2.1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_learn}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_learn} Given {{\i G}}, {{\u960*}}, {{\u948*}}, {{\i k}}. If a sequential equilibrium {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u964*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is APEX, then given a {{\u920*}}, there is a finite time {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u920*},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for a Rebel {{\i i}} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u920*}:#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k},, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} either {=1} or {=0} whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}{\u8805*}{\i T}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u920*},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The following example shows that an APEX equilibrium can be founded in a simple case if the {{\u948*}} is high enough. In this example, player 2 plays the roles as \ldblquote coordinator\rdblquote  to reveal the relevant information to others. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 2.1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_leading_ex}{\*\bkmkend BMex_leading_ex} Let\rquote s suppose there are 3 players in a network {{\i G}}, in which {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})=\{1\\,2\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})=\{1\\,2\\,3\}}}{\fldrslt }}
},and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})=\{2\\,3\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the following graph.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Suppose {{\i k}={\i n}=3}. Note that after nature moves, player 2 can observe {{\u920*}}. We can construct an APEX equilibrium as follows.\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
After nature moves, Rebel 2 chooses {{\b revolt}} if he observes {{\u920*}=({\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l},{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l},{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l})}, and plays {\b revolt} in current period. Otherwise, he chooses {\b stay} and keeps playing {\b stay} afterwards. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
After nature moves, Rebel 1 and Rebel 3 play {\b stay}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
If Rebel 2 chooses {\b revolt} in the last period, then Rebel 1 (or Rebel 3) plays {\b revolt} in current period; if Rebel 2 chooses {\b stay} in the last period, then Rebel 1 (or Rebel 3) keeps playing {\b stay} afterwards. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
If a Rebel deviates from the above strategy, he will play {\b stay} forever; if a Rebel detects a deviation, he will also play {\b stay} forever. \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps0\i Given the prior has full support, the above strategies constitute an equilibrium if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}{\u8805*} \\F(1,2)}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In the equilibrium path, Rebel 1 and Rebel 3 believe that {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}3} with probability one if they observe that Rebel 2 has played {\b revolt}; believe that {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<3} with probability one if Rebel 2 has played {\b stay}. Outside of the equilibrium path, Rebels form the beliefs arbitrarily. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In the following section, I begin to find an APEX equilibrium in general settings.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_equilibrium}3{\*\bkmkend BMsec_equilibrium}  Equilibrium\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMprop_not_crowded}3.1{\*\bkmkend BMprop_not_crowded}  The case: {{\i k}={\i n}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_leading_ex \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}, the construction of an APEX equilibrium relies on some important features. First, since {{\i k}={\i n}}, Rebel 2 will never play {\b revolt} if one of his neighbor is Inert. Thus, when Rebel 2 plays {\b revolt}, it must be the case that all Rebel 2\rquote s neighbor are Rebels. Second, Rebel 1 or Rebel 3 can force Rebel 2 to play {\b revolt} to reveal the true state in the first period since only Rebel 2 knows the true state. Third, single Rebel\rquote s shifting to play {\b stay} forever is enough to punish a deviation. Here, the group punishment is not necessary. For instance, if a Rebel made a detectable deviation, his neighbor can punish him by playing {\b stay} forever. This punishment is credible if that Rebel who deviated also plays {\b stay} forever after he deviated. I then generalize the result for {{\i k}={\i n}} case after defining the {\i path} in a network and {\i connectedness}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.1} {\i A path from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}, {{\i i}{\u8800*}{\i j}} in an undirected network {{\i G}} is a finite sequence {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,...\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})={\i i}\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})\\,...\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})={\i j}}}{\fldrslt }}
} without repetition in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,...\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} See also P.39-P.40 in ({Gross and Yellen}, 2005)}
. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.2} {\i An undirected network is connected if and only if for all {{\i i},{\i j}}, {{\i i}{\u8800*}{\i j}} there is a path from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Theorem 1} {\i  In any FFCCU network, if the prior has full support on {{\u964*}}, then for {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {{\i k}={\i n}} played in such network, there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that a sequential APEX equilibrium exists whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}{\f5\u8712*}({\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\\,1)}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{remark\} ... \\end\{remark\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_strong_connectedness}3.2{\*\bkmkend BMex_strong_connectedness}  The cases : {1<{\i k}<{\i n}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The above equilibrium construction in the proof of Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMprop_not_crowded \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} may not constitute an equilibrium for {{\i k}<{\i n}} cases. First, a Rebel still has incentive to play {\b revolt} even if there is an Inert neighbor. Second, an Inert never transmit additional information about relevant information since they have only one action. We then require more assumptions on the priors to get an APEX equilibrium. Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_strong_connectedness \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} shows that, without additional assumptions, the game might be reduced to incomplete information game without communication, and thus the APEX equilibrium does not exist.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.1} {\i  Let {{\i k}=2} and let the network as the following. Assume {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}=({\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})\\,{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i First, since {{\i k}=2}, Rebel 1 has incentive to play {\b revolt} when {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u960*}(\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is high enough given that Rebel 3 will play revolt. Second, Rebel 1 never learn {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})}}{\fldrslt }}
} since Inert 2 can not reveal information about {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. We are now in the incomplete information game without communication. Clearly, an equilibrium which is APEX did not exist in this case.\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 I narrow down the priors to avoid similar cases as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_strong_connectedness \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}}. Define {\i Strong connectedness} and {\i Full support on strong connectedness} as follows.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.3} {\i {\b Strong connectedness}: Given {{\i G}}, a state {{\u920*}} has strong connectedness if and only if for every pair of Rebels, there is a path consisting of Rebels to connect them. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.4} {\i {\b Full support on strong connectedness}: Given {{\i G}}, {{\u960*}} has full support on strong connectedness if and only if \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \tab
{\u960*}({\u920*})>0{\f5\u8660*}{{{\u920*}} has strong connectedness }\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The goal of this paper is to show that a (weak) sequential APEX equilibrium always exists in FFCCU networks without cycle whenever {{\u948*}} is sufficiently high. I define {\i acyclic} in the following definition and state my main theorem in Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.5} {\i A FFCCU network is acyclic {{\f5\u8660*}} the path from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}} is unique for all {{\i i}{\u8800*}{\i j}}, . }\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Theorem 2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMthm_main_result}{\*\bkmkend BMthm_main_result} In any acyclic FFCCU network, if {{\u960*}} has full support on strong connectedness, then for {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}<{\i n}} played in networks, there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that a sequential APEX equilibrium exists whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}{\f5\u8712*}({\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\\,1)}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The equilibrium in Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} is constructive. According to definition \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMDef_expost_efficient \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.3}}}, I will construct the equilibrium path first, then construct the in-path and off-path beliefs, and then check if the strategies and belief system indeed constitute an equilibrium. I begin with an overview of the main ideas, and then illustrate how such construction works. The whole equilibrium strategies and all the omitted proofs are in the Appendix. \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_cycle_number_5}3.2.1{\*\bkmkend BMex_cycle_number_5}  Overview\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Given that the state has strong connectedness, Rebels have to find a way to communicate with each other. The construction of APEX is not trivial now because the \ldblquote dimension\rdblquote  of information is generally larger than the cardinality of their own action space. Rebels then use several sequences of actions to transmit information, and thus we have to track the belief updating in the time horizontal line and to check if such sequences constitute equilibrium strategies. To see that Rebel need to communicate about information with more dimensions, let\rquote s compare Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}} and Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_6 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.2} {\i  Let {{\i k}=5} and let the network and the state {{\u920*}} as the following.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}}}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\b Example 3.3} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_cycle_number_6}{\*\bkmkend BMex_cycle_number_6} Let {{\i k}=6} and let the network and the state {{\u920*}} as the following. {\par
{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_6 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}, there are 6 Rebels, while there are 5 Rebels in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_cycle_number_5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}}. Suppose now we have a \ldblquote talking strategies\rdblquote . Rebel 3 and Rebel 5 can talk about \ldblquote how many Rebels\rdblquote  in their neighborhood to Rebel 1 and Rebel 2. Rebel 1 and Rebel 2 then talk with each other about \ldblquote how many Rebels\rdblquote  they have known conditional on Rebel 3 and Rebel 5\rquote s taking. The question is that Rebel 1 and Rebel 2 will not know how many Rebels are present since Rebel 3 and Rebel 5 will reveal the same number of Rebels in both cases. Thus, \ldblquote talking about how man nearby Rebels\rdblquote  is not enough, Rebels have to \ldblquote talking about nearby Rebels\rquote  positions\rdblquote . \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Although Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}} shows that there is a timing such that each Rebel can learn the relevant information, but it did not characterize how Rebels commonly learn that. This higher-order information about \ldblquote Have some Rebels learned the relevant information? \rdblquote  is an apparently giant object in the private monitoring repeated game. Here, Rebels use several sequences to communicate this information coordinate their continuation actions if they have known the relevant information.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I construct an APEX equilibrium with a weaker sequential consistency by assuming an off-path belief. This off-path belief serves as a grim-trigger. More specifically, if a Rebel detects a deviation, he forms the off-path belief as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})={\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\,{\i j}{\u8713*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\},, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({{\u920*}}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i s}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. I.e., he will believe that all players outside his neighborhood are Inerts. Thus, if he has less than {{\i k}} Rebel neighbors, he will play {\b stay} afterwards. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The equilibrium is constructed through several steps. I organized those steps by following three subsections. In the first subsection, I define {\i information hierarchy in {{\i G}}} that determines which Rebels should transmit their private information in equilibrium. In second subsection, I display Rebels\rquote  strategies in the equilibrium path and show the belief updating in the path. Finally, I discuss off-path belief in subsection three and give a sketch of proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_empty}3.2.2{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_empty}  Step 1. Information hierarchy in {{\i G}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The information hierarchy is defined on a network {{\i G}} after nature chooses a state but before the game is played. I will use the term \ldblquote node {{\i i}}\rdblquote  instead of \ldblquote player {{\i i}}\rdblquote  in this step. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I define information hierarchy by defining {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})\\,{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})\\,{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,{\i i}})...\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})\\,{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})\\,{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,{\i i}})...\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for each {{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}, and then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\\,{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})\\,{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\\,{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})...\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for each iteration in {(0,1,2,...)}. I use the term \ldblquote blocks\rdblquote  to represent the \ldblquote iterations\rdblquote , since the term, {\i block}, will be used as a terminology when I display in-the-path equilibrium strategies later. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Given {{\u920*}}, I define information hierarchy as follows. {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 0-block} Let {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u8801*}\{{\i i}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u8712*}[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (1)}\par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 1-block} Let {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Define the set {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} by defining {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8660*}{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})[{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\f5\u8838*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i j}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})]}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (2)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1}){\u8801*}\{{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})|{\i i}{\u8713*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (3)}\par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b {t+1}-block, {t{\u8805*}1}} Let {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8801*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})}){\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Define the set {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} by defining {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u8660*}{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})[{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\f5\u8838*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i j}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})]}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (4)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 Then define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1}){\u8801*}\{{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|{\i i}{\u8713*}{\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (5)}\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \fi0 Thus, by examining the definition of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8804*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes are those nodes who have information about some other Rebels\rquote  existence while none of their neighbors have such information. At {{\i t}}-block, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes have the information, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, which contains the updated information as the union of his {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} neighbors\rquote  information, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Since communication may incur expected costs, if a Rebel\rquote s private information can be fully reported by his neighbors while there is no punishment schema, then he has no incentives to report it. In each {{\i t}{\u8805*}1}-block, non-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes are those node whose information can be fully reported by some of his Rebel neighbors. By defining information hierarchy, I implicitly characterize Rebels\rquote  incentives in transmitting information. If the networks are acyclic, Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_empty \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} shows that it is sufficient to just let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes to report information. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Theorem 3} {\i  If the network is FFCCU without cycle and if the state has strong connectedness, then \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}{\f5\u8658*}{\f5\u8707*}{\i t}{\u8805*}0[{\f5\u8707*}{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})[{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})={\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 3.2.3  Step 2: Equilibrium strategies in the path\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 First, I assigned each player a distinguished prime number. Such indexation is starting from {3}. I index players {(1,2,...,{\i n})} as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ (3\\,5\\,...\\,{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a prime number and the prime number assigned to {{\i i}} will be {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since the multiplication prime numbers can be uniquely de-factorized, I use this property to let Rebels report the information about other Rebels\rquote  existence by reporting the multiplication of those Rebels\rquote  prime numbers.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I denote {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}} as a sequence and denote {{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}{\f5\u8834*}{\i N}} as an non-empty subset of {{\i N}}. Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_form \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} shows my notations in indicating some forms of sequences. \par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_msg_form}1{\*\bkmkend BMTable_msg_form}: Notations}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1 Notations" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {a non-empty subset of {{\i N}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {node {{\i i}}\rquote s prime-number index}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\pr({\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N},, ){\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b stay}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b revolt}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},...,{\b s}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b revolt}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b r},...,{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}\\,{{\b r}\\,{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i X}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\f5\u772\'5f}{\i N}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}\\,{{\b r}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1571\cellx2027\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\u8801*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}\\,{{\b r}\\,{\b s}\\,...\\,{\b s}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i x}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 I denote {|{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}|} as the length of a sequence. The form and the length of a sequence determine a sequence. For instance, if a sequence takes the form {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and if its length is three (i.e., {|{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}|=3}), then this sequence is {{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},{\b s},{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}}. Note that the length of a form is calculate from the end of such sequence.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In the equilibrium path, two phases, {reporting period} and {coordination period}, alternate as follows. \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {<{{\i c}{\i o}{\i o}{\i r}{\i d}{\i i}{\i n}{\i a}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i p}{\i e}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i d}}>}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0\u8722?{\i b}{\i l}{\i o}{\i c}{\i k}}){<{{\i r}{\i e}{\i p}{\i o}{\i r}{\i t}{\i i}{\i n}{\i g}{\i p}{\i e}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i d}}><{{\i c}{\i o}{\i o}{\i r}{\i d}{\i i}{\i n}{\i a}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i p}{\i e}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i d}}>}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1\u8722?{\i b}{\i l}{\i o}{\i c}{\i k}})...}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 I.e., after nature chooses a state, all the Rebels start with {0}-block, then enter to {1}-block,...,and so on. {0}-block has only one period, coordination period. The {{\i t}}-blocks, {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} has two periods, reporting period and coordination period. The length of a phase is finite.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I called a sequence a {reporting messages} ({resp.} {coordination messages}) if such sequence is played in reporting period ({resp.} coordination period). In reporting period in each {{\i t}{\u8805*}1}-block, Rebels use the sequences listed in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} to report their current information about {{\u920*}}. In coordination period in each {{\i t}{\u8805*}0}-block , Rebels use the sequences listed in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} to check if there are some Rebels have known the relevant information. After the coordination period, they either start to coordinate or enter to the next reporting period. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I begin to illustrate these messages.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Reporting messages in reporting period\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the length of reporting period in {{\i t}}-block. I consider those strategies which can induce some special sequences with length {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} in the equilibrium path. I list those special sequence in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. Playing any sequence other than those in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} will be considered as a deviation. \par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_msg_reporting}2{\*\bkmkend BMTable_msg_reporting}: Reporting messages}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "2 Reporting messages" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6632\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {Reporting Messages}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6632\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6632\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6632\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} shows Rebel {{\i j}}\rquote s in-the-path belief updating when Rebel {{\i j}} observe his neighbor {{\i i}}\rquote s reporting messages.\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_blf_up_reporting}3{\*\bkmkend BMTable_blf_up_reporting}: Belief updating after reporting period}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "3 Belief updating after reporting period" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2753\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2921\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {The events {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} believe with probability one}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2753\cellx2921\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2753\cellx2921\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}})={\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}{\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2753\cellx2921\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\i i}} has known {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} shows, a Rebel can tell if his neighbor is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} after reporting period. Recall that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} Rebels are those Rebels who have known some other Rebels that any of their neighbors hasn\rquote t known, if a Rebel {{\i j}} has observed that all of his neighbors are not {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then he is sure that {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The important feature here is that {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is introduced. {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} serves as a signal to indicate a \ldblquote pivotal player\rdblquote  and to solve potential free rider problems. I elaborate this feature by providing some examples. First, free rider problems may occur if {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is not introduced. Let\rquote s consider the following Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.4} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_free_rider_tree}{\*\bkmkend BMex_free_rider_tree}{\b Free Rider Problem}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Let {{\i k}=5} and assume that there are messages, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, for Rebel 4, 5. To simply the analysis, let players play the game starting from a reporting period. Further, suppose that Rebels will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} played by Rebel 4 or 5 immediately after such reporting period}
; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Let {{\i G}} be the following.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Note that Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} members. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are the sequences of actions they may use to report their Rebel neighbors\rquote  positions. If Rebel 5 report truthfully, since Rebel 4 can use {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} to initialize the coordination, Rebel 4 will not report truthfully by arranging the occurrence of {\b revolt}s. The same argument can be applied to Rebel 5. Therefore, both of Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 will not report truthfully.\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Two sources constitute the free rider problem in the above example. The first is that messages, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, can coordinate Rebels\rquote  future actions regardless what reporting messages are. The second is that Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 are sure that they will learn the state given others\rquote  truthful reporting. In other words, Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 are \ldblquote pivotal\rdblquote . To see the latter source more clearly, let\rquote s consider the following Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.5} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_pivotal_1}{\*\bkmkend BMex_pivotal_1}{\b Pivotal player: Case 1} Let {{\i k}=6} and suppose that there are message, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, for Rebel 3,5,7 to initiate a coordination. Let players play the game starting from a reporting period. Further, suppose Rebel will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} immediately after this reporting period}
; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Let {{\i G}} be the following. {\par
{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Note that Rebel 3, 5, 7 are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} members. In contrast to Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}}, Rebel 3 and Rebel 7 still have incentive to report truthfully. Suppose they did not report truthfully, there is a possibility such that Rebel 5 will misunderstood the state. Since they are not sure if they can learn the state after reporting period, and since the coordination to {\b revolt} has to be initiated after this reporting period, they have incentive to report truthfully.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \scaps0\i Rebel 5, however, has no incentive to report truthfully given others\rquote  truthful reporting. Rebel 5 is sure that he will know the true state immediately after reporting period. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Combine the discussions in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} and Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}} , a way to deal with the free rider problem is to let one of them be free rider while letting the other report truthfully. If the networks are FFCCU without cycles, Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} shows that the free rider problem can be identified before the game enter to {{\i t}}-block. More precisely, first define {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as a tree rooted in {{\i i}} with leaves spanning from {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Definition 3.6} {\i {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}}){\u8801*}\{{\i l}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}:{{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i i}{\i s}{\i a}{\i u}{\i n}{\i i}{\i q}{\i u}{\i e}{\i p}{\i a}{\i t}{\i h}{\{{\i l}\\,...\\,{\i j}\\,{\i i}\}} from {{\i l}} to {{\i i}} through {{\i j}}}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be those {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes such that there are no possible Rebel nodes connect with them by a path consisting of more than three nodes. I.e., \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})=\{{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}):{\u8708*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})[{\i l}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){{\i a}{\i n}{\i d}}{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}})]]\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 . For instance, Rebel 4 and Rebel 5 in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes, and Rebel 5 in Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}} is also a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node. Then we can show the following lemmas. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Lemma 3.1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes} If the network is FFCCU without cycle, and if the state has strong connectedness, then for each {{\i t}}-block {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 0{\u8804*}|{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|{\u8804*}2}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i 2.\tab
Moreover, suppose there are two nodes in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then they are each other\rquote s neighbor. \par
}}}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\b Lemma 3.2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_no_node_outside}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_no_node_outside} If the network is FFCCU without cycle, and if the state has strong connectedness, then for each {{\i t}}-block \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u8658*}{{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i i}{\i s}{\i n}{\i o}{\i p}{\i o}{\i s}{\i s}{\i i}{\i b}{\i l}{\i e}{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i n}{\i o}{\i d}{\i e}{\i o}{\i u}{\i t}{\i s}{\i i}{\i d}{\i e}{\i o}{\i f}}{\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 According to Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-nodes can identify each others by the following procedures. First, a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-node ,{{\i j}}, assumes that one of his {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} neighbor, {{\i i}}, is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-node. Second, he check if {{\i i}} is in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} by the definition of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Third, if {{\i i}} is identified as a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node, {{\i i},{\i j}} are the only {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes. Finally, he assume that {{\i i}} will do the same procedure to identify him. Since {{\i j}} is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-node, {{\i i}} must be able to identify him if {{\i i}} is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-node, and thus both {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-nodes can identify each other.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If there are more than one {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes, I let the smaller prime-indexed node be free rider while letting the other one report truthfully.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 However, Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_no_node_outside \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}} does not show that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-nodes are the only pivotal Rebels. Some pivotal Rebels cannot be identified before the game enter into {{\i t}}-block. We have to identify them during reporting period, and therefore we have to track their information updating sequentially. These other pivotal Rebels are those Rebel who are sure that they will learn the relevant information, {\i {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}, after reporting period. Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.6}}} is a concrete example.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.6} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_pivotal_2}{\*\bkmkend BMex_pivotal_2}{\b Pivotal player: Case 2} Let {{\i k}=6}. Again, assume that there are coordination message {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}s for Rebels. Let players play the game starting from reporting period. Again, let\rquote s suppose Rebel will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}} played {\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} It requires four periods to let the coordination message transmit.}
 after reporting period; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Let {{\i G}} be the following.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i In this case, no Rebels are in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, but Rebel 4 will deviate from reporting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,4}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Note that Rebel 4 has already known there are 5 Rebels. If node 6 is a Rebel, Rebel 5 will report that, and therefore he will know {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}6}; Otherwise, due to the state has strong connectedness, Rebel 5 will report nothing, and then he will know {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<6}. Since he can use the message {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}} to initiate the coordination, his deviation is profitable for him. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 After discussing above examples, the message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is introduced. In the equilibrium path (shown in the Appendix), there are two kinds of pivotal Rebels. One kinds are those Rebels who have already learned that {{\i k}\u8722?1} are present before they report their information. The other kinds are those Rebels in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The pivotal Rebels will play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in the equilibrium path. The in-the-path beliefs after observing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} are then to believe that {\i some Rebels has known {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}, as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} shows.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Coordination messages in coordination period\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 As previous examples show, the ignorance of reporting messages after observing a coordination message, says {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}, may incur untruthfully reporting. I introduce {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} to tackle with this issue. However, the combination of these two messages, {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}, is another \ldblquote coordination message\rdblquote . I.e., {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9002*}} is another coordination message by truncating previous actions in {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and concatenating the remaining sequence to {{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}. If continuation actions after observing {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9001*}{\b s},{\b r}{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9002*}} are regardless of what previous actions in reporting period, the issue of untruthfully reporting still exists. In this section, I deal with this issue by letting continuation actions be contingent on not only on coordination messages but also reporting messages.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There are three divisions in coordination period and there are several sub-blocks in each division. In {{\i t}=0} block, the structure is \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{1} sub-block}}){\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {1st division}}){{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{1} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {2nd division}}){{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i n}} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {3rd division}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
;\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 in {{\i t}>0} blocks, the structure is \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i n}} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {1st division}}){{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i t}+1} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {2nd division}}){{\f5\u9001*}{{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u8901*}{\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {{{\i n}} sub-blocks}}){\f5\u9002*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {3rd division}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 .\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the {{\i m}} sub-block in {{\i q}} division, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the length of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In the equilibrium path, outcomes of strategies take the following forms of sequences with length {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} shows those forms. {\par
\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_msg_coordination}4{\*\bkmkend BMTable_msg_coordination}: Coordination messages}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "4 Coordination messages" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6590\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {Coordination messages}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6590\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6590\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6590\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx6590\cellx6899
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 In my construction, all the Rebels will play {\b revolt} after {0}-block if there is a Rebel who has {{\i k}} or more Rebels neighbors. In this subsection, I will focus on displaying the behaviors in {{\i t}>0} block since {0}-block has a simpler structure,. The whole equilibrium path is shown in the Appendix.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the belief formed by Rebel {{\i j}} after observing neighbor {{\i i}}\rquote s behavior in equilibrium path is shown in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}. Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} shows that Rebel {{\i j}} can tell the information of the event, {\{{\u920*}:#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}\}}. Clearly, {{\i j}} will play {\b stay} forever if he believes that this event happens with probability one.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In the first division, Rebels play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} unless they observe {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdt21 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdtm1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}} shows. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i n}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the information about {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}} will be transmitted across Rebels. {\par
\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_blf_up_cdt11}5{\*\bkmkend BMTable_blf_up_cdt11}: Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "5 Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx2142\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3865\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2142\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3865\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {The events {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} believe with probability one}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2142\cellx3865\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdt21}6{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdt21}: In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "6 In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx2648\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx4773\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2648\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4773\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2648\cellx4773\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdtm1}7{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdtm1}: In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "7 In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3347\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6694\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}+1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
},{{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3347\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6694\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3347\cellx6694\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3347\cellx6694\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebels check if the coordination to {\b revolt} can be initiated. Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}} shows that {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} is the coordination message to initiate the coordination to {\b revolt}. The important feature in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}} is that {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} is a coordination message to {\b revolt} {\i only if} {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} has been played in reporting period. Since this coordination message is contingent on reporting messages, initiating the coordination to {\b revolt} requires Rebels to report something\emdash play {\b revolt} somewhere. This trade-off between \ldblquote reporting something and then coordinating to {\b revolt}\rdblquote  and \ldblquote reporting nothing and then failing to coordinate\rdblquote  enforces Rebels to report something, otherwise they have no chances to coordinate to {\b revolt}. Note that a Rebel is willing to initiate the coordination since {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} incurs no expected cost. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebels start to transmit the information about {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdtm2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{10}}} shows. In the equilibrium path, they play {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} unless they observe {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{{\i t}+1}\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the information about {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} will be transmitted among {{\i k}} or more Rebels. \par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_blf_up_cdt12}8{\*\bkmkend BMTable_blf_up_cdt12}: Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "8 Belief updating after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx1860\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3359\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx4858\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx1860\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3359\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4858\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {The events {{\i j}} believe with probability one}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1860\cellx3359\cellx4858\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdt12}9{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdt12}: In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "9 In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx2020\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3646\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx5272\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},2\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2020\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3646\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx5272\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx2020\cellx3646\cellx5272\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cdtm2}10{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cdtm2}: In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "10 In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3347\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6694\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}+1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
},{{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3347\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6694\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3347\cellx6694\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3347\cellx6694\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Finally, the game enters into {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In this sub-block, Rebels who believe {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} will start to play {\b revolt} forever. After {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, other Rebels start to transmit this information about {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} to all Rebels as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_stg_cdm3 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{12}}} shows.\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0  \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMTable_stg_cd13}11{\*\bkmkend BMTable_stg_cd13}: In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "11 In-path strategies in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3903\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6687\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {1{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}{\i t}+1}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3903\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6687\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} has played}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3903\cellx6687\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3903\cellx6687\cellx6898
{\pard\intbl\qc {Otherwise}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Table : In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "12 In-path strategies after {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}, {{\i t}>0}" \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
}}{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0  {\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx3220\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6680\clbrdrb\brdrdb\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {In {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i m}+1\\,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3220\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6680\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\i i}} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} plays}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3220\cellx6680\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b r}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx3220\cellx6680\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{\b s}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb360 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_deviation}3.2.4{\*\bkmkend BMex_deviation}  Step 3: Off-path Belief\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Whenever Rebel {{\i i}} detects a deviation, he forms the belief {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})={\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\,{\i j}{\u8713*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\},, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({{\u920*}}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i s}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_grim_trigger}6{\*\bkmkend BMeq_grim_trigger})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i s}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Thus, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, he will play {\b stay} forever. This off-path belief serves as a grim trigger to impede Rebels\rquote  deviation. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Following a discussion in the Introduction, if the criteria in judging a deviation is too strict, an APEX equilibrium may not be sustained by using grim trigger. Due to private monitoring , a deviation may be only detected by some Rebels while at least {{\i k}} Rebels cannot detect it. Those {{\i k}} Rebels who cannot detect this deviation may coordinate to ex-post efficient outcome, while those Rebels who detect deviations will play {\b stay} forever. Then the APEX may fail. This phenomenon gives another reason why the message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is introduced. Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_deviation \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.7}}} (a modification of Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}) is a concrete example to illustrate a case in which {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is not introduced but this off-path belief is adopted. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.7} {\i  Let {{\i k}=5} and suppose that there are message {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for Rebel 3,5,7 to initiate a coordination. Let the game play starting from {1}-block as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_pivotal_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.5}}}. Suppose Rebel will play {\b revolt} forever after observing {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\i if no deviation be detected}; otherwise they will play {\b stay} forever. Moreover, assume that Rebels can only use the pure strategies in which the outcome satisfies the form of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in reporting period; {\i otherwise, it will be consider as a deviation}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Let the {{\i G}} and {{\u920*}} be the following, and let the players be indexed by distinct prime numbers.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Assume {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,3})})>{\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,5})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,7})})>{\i X}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 0,5})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since that, Rebel 5 will get the information from Rebel 3,7 before he reports {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since that, Rebel 5 has a profitable deviation by just reporting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u298l\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})={\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 3}){\u215*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 5}){\u215*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7})<{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})}}{\fldrslt }}
} to let Rebel 3, 7 think he is still in the path and to let the coordination to {\b revolt} be succeeded. Rebel 6 can detect such deviation since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u298l\\s\\up({\fs20 0,5})}}{\fldrslt }}
} did not include Rebel 6\rquote s own index {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. However, if Rebel 6 form the off-path belief as Equation \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMeq_grim_trigger \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}, he will then play {\b stay} forever although the coordination has been succeeded.\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Due to the pay-off function is not strictly increasing with the number of {\b revolts}, some Rebels will be excluded from coordination with this grim-trigger-like strategies. As Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_deviation \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.7}}} shows, some strategies other than {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} have to be considered as the strategies in the equilibrium path to avoid the situation where some Rebels are out of an existing coordination. The introducing of message {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} gives more equilibrium paths when grim trigger is adopted. \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_in_the_path}3.2.5{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_in_the_path}  Sketch of the proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In previous subsections, I have listed the belief updating in equilibrium path by showing the the belief updating after observing various messages. Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}} shows that such equilibrium path is APEX . {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Lemma 3.3} {\i  If the state has strong connectedness, then for all {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}{\u8804*}{\i n}} played in any FFCCU network without cycles, there is an APEX path. }\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 For the histories outside of equilibrium path, they could be detectable or undetectable. The argument to prove Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} is as follows. First, I use off-path belief to prevent players from making detectable deviations, such as deviations from playing the specified forms of sequences listed in Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}. Then I argue that any undetectable deviation made by a Rebel before he knows the relevant information, {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}, will create noises in his own learning process and then reduce his own expected continuation pay-off. To see why making undetectable deviation will create noises to impede the learning process before he knows the relevant information, consider the case when a Rebel wants to mimic pivotal plays\rquote  behaviors by sending {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. According to Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}, the continuation playing by his neighbors after observing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is to play {\b stay} forever or to play {\b revolt} forever. Since all his neighbors repeats the same action, he can not learn additional information about {{\u920*}}. When {{\u948*}} is high enough, since he can learn the relevant information by Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}} if he stay in the path, he is better off by staying in the equilibrium path to achieve the maximum static pay-off as 1 when {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} and achieve the maximum static pay-off as 0 when {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}}. Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}} shows this argument.\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_varies}3.3{\*\bkmkend BMsec_varies}  Discussion\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 3.3.1  Variation: Pay-off as signals\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The assumption on the observability of pay-off can be relaxed without change the result in Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. One may consider a situation such that the static pay-off depends not only on joint efforts but also depends on other random effects, says the weather.{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} e.g.,({Shadmehr and Bernhardt}, 2011)}
. Specifically, consider there is a public signal {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}{\f5\u8712*}\{{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
} generated by Rebels\rquote  actions. Let Rebel {{\i i}}\rquote s pay-off function be {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i y})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b stay}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}))={\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b stay}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))={\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The distribution of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is {\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})|#{\b revolt}{\u8805*}{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})|#{\b revolt}<{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})|#{\b revolt}{\u8805*}{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f0 {\i P}{\i r}}({\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})|#{\b revolt}<{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 with {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}))+{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))>{\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})>{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i f}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}))+{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}}){\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}})({\b revolt}\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (7)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 and {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 1>{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})>0\\,1>{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}})>0\\,{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i f}})=1\u8722?{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})\\,{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}})=1\u8722?{\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (8)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Equation (6) is a generalization for the previous setting. Equation (7) is a full support assumption on signal {{\i y}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 We can construct exactly the same equilibrium strategies by ignoring the noisy signal {{\i y}} when Equation (7) holds. By directly checking the equilibrium path constructed in previous sections (see also Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} and \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_msg_coordination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}), {\i at most one} Rebel playing {\b revolt} in a period before some Rebels play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, and thus the signal {{\i y}} is not relevant before some Rebels play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. Moreover, playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} comes from a Rebel\rquote s observation in reporting period where Rebels\rquote  strategies are independent from {{\i y}}, and thus playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} is independent from {{\i y}}. We then just check if a Rebel want to deviate to play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} to get additional information coming from {{\i y}}. According to equilibrium strategies in the path, however, playing {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} will incur either coordination to {\b stay} or coordination to {\b revolt} after current block as Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt11 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} and Table \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMTable_blf_up_cdt12 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}} shows. Since signal {{\i y}} is noisy, and since Rebels\rquote  actions will repeat, he can not learn the relevant information. As the same argument in Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}, he is better off by staying in the equilibrium path.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If Equation (7) fails, and so that the signal {{\i y}} is not noisy, says {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1{\i s}})={\i p}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2{\i f}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the equilibrium constructed in the previous section is no longer an equilibrium. However, another APEX equilibrium can be constructed by letting all Rebels play {\b revolt} in the first period, and then keep playing {\b revolt} or {\b stay} contingent on the signals {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i y}={\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} when {{\u948*}} is sufficiently high.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 3.3.2  Variation: Rebels with different levels of efforts\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Consider a model in which players have different levels of efforts to contribute to a collective action. Let the set of states of nature be {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u964*}={\u964*}{\u215*}{\u926*}}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u926*}=\{1\\,2\\,...\\,{\i k}\}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Let {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}=({\u920*},{\i e})}, where {{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u964*}} and {{\i e}{\f5\u8712*}{\u926*}}. {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}} is interpreted as a state of nature in which a player {{\i i}} could be either a Rebel or Inert with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} efforts, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u8712*}\{1\\,2\\,...\\,{\i k}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. When a Rebel {{\i i}} plays {\b revolt}, he contributes {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} efforts to a collective action, while the success of such collective action requires {{\i k}} amount of efforts. If the collective action succeed, such Rebel {{\i i}} will get {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i b}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})>0}}{\fldrslt }}
} as his reward. The pay-off structure is modified as the following. {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))={\i b}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt},, ){\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=\u8722?{\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b revolt}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\i j}:{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})})={\b revolt},, ){\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=0}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b stay}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i u}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 \u8722?{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})={\b stay}}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 After the nature chooses a {{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}}, players repeatedly play the above game in a network {{\i G}}. To see that the equilibrium constructed in previous section is still an equilibrium, transform the network and the state {({\i G},{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*})} to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ({\i G}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})\\,{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that, in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ({\i G}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})\\,{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u920*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}, there are {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i e}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} different players attached to a single player {{\i i}} for each {{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i N}}, and all the players are with levels of efforts as 1. What matters here is that the states of nature are finite and discrete, and therefore we can use prime indexing to construct the equilibrium as previous section shows.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMex_no_free_rider_cycle}3.3.3{\*\bkmkend BMex_no_free_rider_cycle}  Variation: networks with cycles\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The prime indexing can deal with a potential free problem when networks have cycles, although we may need to redefine the information hierarchy in order to redefine which Rebels are forced to report their private information. Consider the following Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_no_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.8}}}.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.8} {\i  Let {{\i k}=6}. Rebel 3 and Rebel 4 have the same information {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,3})={\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,4})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since reporting is costly, if there is no punishment, Rebel 3 (or Rebel 4) may shirk and deviate from truthfully reporting if Rebel 4 (or Rebel 3) can reports truthfully. However, this kind of deviation can be detected by Rebel 5 (or Rebel 2) since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,3})}}{\fldrslt }}
} should be equal to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 1,4})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Indeed, this monitoring technique will be less invalid if the network is not commonly known. In this example, if Rebels has asymmetric information about network structure, says Rebel 5 (or Rebel 2,3) does not certain about if there is a link between Rebel 4 and Rebel 2, then Rebel 4 can just pretend that he doesn\rquote t know Rebel 2{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} However, if there is asymmetric information about network structure, then Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_no_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.8}}} is not exactly a free rider problem. Dependent on what asymmetric information is given, Rebel 3 and Rebel 4 then have different incentives in untruthful reporting. Untruthful reporting could be a dominant strategy for Rebel 4 but not necessary be a dominant strategy for Rebel 3.}
. The analysis in incomplete information about network structure is beyond the scope of this paper. Recent paper such as ({Galeotti et\~al.}, 2010) deal with the issues when network is not commonly known.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 There is another free rider problem which is harder to deal with. Remind that the implicit technique in my equilibrium construction is that the pivotal Rebels can be identified before the game enter into each reporting period in each block. When the networks has cycles, the selection of pivotal Rebels needs more elaboration. Consider Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.9}}}. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Example 3.9} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMex_free_rider_cycle}{\*\bkmkend BMex_free_rider_cycle} Let {{\i k}=6}. Suppose the network and {{\u920*}} is as the following. \par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Assume that one round of reporting is done. Rebel 2 has known {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 6})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 8})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 9})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, Rebel 4 has known {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 4})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 7})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 9})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 8})\\,{\i R}{\i B}\\s\\do6({\fs20 6})\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and so on. One more round of reporting will let Rebels 3,6,7,4,9,8 know the true state {{\u920*}}, and therefore Rebels 3,6,7,4,9,8 are all pivotal players. We may have a rule as Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} to pick up a pivotal Rebel, say we pick Rebel 4 before entering the next reporting period. However, this pivotal player selection is ex-post. The true state {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})}}{\fldrslt }}
} could be the following.\par
{{\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{tikzpicture\} ... \\end\{tikzpicture\}}]\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i Now node 4 is an Inert and so that he is not a pivotal Rebel. A selection rule has to be applied to select a pivotal Rebel (say, Rebel 5) during the game is played in reporting period. \par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 As Example \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_tree \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.4}}} or \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMex_free_rider_cycle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.9}}} show, a free rider problem may occur if pivotal Rebels have not selected before the game enters to reporting period. When networks are cyclic, this problem seems more harsh and a selection is needed. Though it is possible to construct a selection rule, this rule is still infeasible in this paper. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I leave a conjecture here and end this section.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Conjecture 3.1} {\i For {{\i n}}-person repeated {{\i k}}-Threshold game with parameter {1{\u8804*}{\i k}<{\i n}} played in any FFCCU network, if the {{\u960*}} has full support on strong connectedness, then there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that a (weak) APEX sequential equilibrium exists whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}{\f5\u8712*}({\u948*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\\,1)}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_con}4{\*\bkmkend BMsec_con}  Conclusion\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 I answer how various types of networks can serve to induce collective action by modeling a coordination game and illustrating the learning process generated by strategies in a sequential equilibrium. In the equilibrium, players transmit relevant information by encoding such information through their actions in the time horizontal line. Since an expected cost exists in coding information, free rider problems may occur and impede the learning process. When the networks are FFCCU without cycle, players can always learn the underlying relevant information and coordinate only through their actions. However, the kinds of equilibrium strategies that can constitute a learning process for obtaining relevant information in cyclic networks still remains unanswered.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The construction of communication protocol exploits the assumption of finite type space and the finite threshold. Since relevant information has been parameterized as a threshold, players can acquire this information by gradually reporting their own private information. The major punishment to keep players in the equilibrium path is then the shift through coordination to play the same actions terminating new updates on their information. The threshold model seems to be a general model for proving that a communication protocol does not only lead to a learning process but also constitutes an equilibrium revealing relevant information in finite time.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Existing literature in political science and sociology have recognized the importance of social networks in influencing individuals\rquote  participation in social movements, e.g., ({Passy}, 2003)({McAdam}, 2003)({Siegel}, 2009). This paper views networks as routes for communication where rational individuals initially have local information and can influence nearby individuals by taking actions. Such influence may take a long time to travel across individuals. The whole process incurs inefficient outcomes in many periods. Although characterization in the speed of information transmission across a network is not answered here, it is an important topic for raising more attentions to investigate the most efficient way to spread information . This question would remain for the future research.\par
{\pard\plain\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Acemoglu, M.\~A. Dahleh, I.\~Lobel, and A.\~Ozdaglar. {Bayesian Learning in Social Networks}. {\i The Review of Economic Studies}, 78 (4): 1201\endash 1236, 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Bikhchandani, D.\~Hirshleifer, and I.\~Welch. {Learning from the Behavior of Others: Conformity, Fads, and Informational Cascades}, 1998.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 P.\~Bolton and C.\~Harris. {Strategic Experimentation}. {\i Econometrica}, 67 (2): 349\endash 374, 1999.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 Y.\~Bramoull\'e9 and R.\~Kranton. {Public Goods in Networks}. {\i Journal of Economic Theory}, 135 (1): 478\endash 494, 2007.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 H.\~H. Cao and D.\~A. Hirshleifer. {Conversation, Observational Learning, and Informational Cascades}. {\i SSRN Electronic Journal}, Nov. 2001.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 K.\~Chatterjee and B.\~Dutta. {Credibility and Strategic Learning in Networks}, Jan. 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~S.-Y. Chwe. {Communication and Coordination in Social Networks}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 67 (1): 1\endash 16, 2000.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Fudenberg and Y.\~Yamamoto. {Repeated Games Where the Payoffs and Monitoring Structure Are Unknown}. {\i Econometrica}, 78 (5): 1673\endash 1710, 2010.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Fudenberg and Y.\~Yamamoto. {Learning from Private Information in Noisy Repeated Games}. {\i Journal of Economic Theory}, 146 (5): 1733\endash 1769, 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Gale and S.\~Kariv. {Bayesian Learning in Social Networks}. {\i Games and Economic Behavior}, 45 (2): 329\endash 346, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Galeotti, S.\~Goyal, M.\~O. Jackson, F.\~Vega-Redondo, and L.\~Yariv. {Network Games}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 77 (1): 218\endash 244, 2010.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 B.\~Golub and M.\~O. Jackson. {Na\'efve Learning in Social Networks and the Wisdom of Crowds}. {\i American Economic Journal: Microeconomics}, 2 (1): 112\endash 149, 2010.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Goyal. {\i {Connections: An Introduction to the Economics of Networks}}. Princeton University Press, 2012.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 J.\~Gross and J.\~Yellen. {\i Graph Theory and Its Applications, Second Edition}. Taylor & Francis, 2005.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~O. Jackson. {\i {Social and Economic Networks}}. Princeton University Press, 2008.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 O.\~Karl-Dieter and G.\~Christiane. {Dissident Groups, Personal Networks, and Spontaneous Cooperation: The East German Revolution of 1989.} {\i American Sociological Review}, 58 (5): 659\endash 680, 1993.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~M. Kreps and R.\~Wilson. {Sequential Equilibria}. {\i Econometrica}, 50 (4): 863\endash 94, July 1982.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Lohmann. {A Signaling Model of Informative and Manipulative Political Action}. {\i American Political Science Review}, 87 (2): 319\endash 333, 1993.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Lohmann. {Information Aggregation Through Costly Political Action}. {\i The American Economic Review}, 84 (3): 518\endash 530, 1994.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 S.\~Lohmann. {The Dynamics of Informational Cascades: The Monday Demonstrations in Leipzig, East Germany, 1989\u226?\u128?\u147?91}. {\i World Politics}, 47 (01): 42\endash 101, June 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~McAdam. {Beyond Structural Analysis: Toward a More Dynamic Understanding of Social Movements}. In {\i Social Movements and Networks}. Oxford University Press, Oxford, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 F.\~Passy. {Social Networks Matter. But How? } In {\i Social Movements and Networks}, pages 21\endash 48. Oxford U Press, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Perea. {A Note on The One-deviation Property in Extensive Form Games}. {\i Games and Economic Behavior}, 40 (2): 322 \endash  338, 2002.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 J.\~m. Renault and T.\~Tomala. {Repeated Proximity Games}. {\i International Journal of Game Theory}, 27 (4): 539\endash 559, 1998.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~Shadmehr and D.\~Bernhardt. {Collective Action with Uncertain Payoffs: Coordination, Public Signals, and Punishment Dilemmas}. {\i American Political Science Review}, 105 (04): 829\endash 851, Nov. 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~A. Siegel. {Social Networks and Collective Action}. {\i American Journal of Political Science}, 53 (1): 122\endash 138, 2009.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 T.\~Wiseman. {A Partial Folk Theorem for Games with Private Learning}. {\i Theoretical Economics}, 7 (2): 217\endash 239, 2012.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Wolitzky. {Cooperation with Network Monitoring}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 80 (1): 395\endash 427, 2013.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 A.\~Wolitzky. {Communication with Tokens in Repeated Games on Networks}. {\i Theoretical Economics}, Jan. 2014.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 Y.\~Yamamoto. {Individual Learning and Cooperation in Noisy Repeated Games}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 81 (1): 473\endash 500, 2014.\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_I_subset_N}5{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_I_subset_N}  Appendix\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_learn \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}}\par
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\b proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_empty \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 This proof follows three useful claims, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_I_subset_N \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} and Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_connected \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}. First note that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} can be expressed as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})={\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})}){\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 0})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1})})...{\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i t}\u8722?2})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 1})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_info_nb}9{\*\bkmkend BMeq_info_nb})}\par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 while {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be expressed as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})={\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?1})}){\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 0})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2})})...{\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i t}\u8722?3})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up5({\fs16 0})}){\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2})})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_nb}10{\*\bkmkend BMeq_nb})}\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 1} {\i  {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\f5\u8834*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma1}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma1} If the network is FFCCU without cycle, then for each {{\i t}{\u8805*}1} block, we have {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u8660*}{\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){{\i a}{\i n}{\i d}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\u8800*}{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 3} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMlemma_connected}{\*\bkmkend BMlemma_connected} If the network FFCCU without cycle and if the state has strong connectedness, then if there is a pair of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nodes then there exists a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-path connecting them. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 I begin to prove this Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_empty \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}. I first claim that if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8834*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} whenever {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Then I claim that if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})<#{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Finally, I iterate {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\i t}{\u8805*}0} to get the conclusion.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} but {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, I claim that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8834*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for all {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The proof is by contradiction. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})\u8836?{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} but {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\u8713*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be expressed as Equation \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMeq_info_nb \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}, there is no such a path {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \{{\i i}\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,...\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})\\,{\i j}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1})\\,...\\,{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i t}\u8722?2})}){\u8745*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and therefore {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i t}+1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and hence there is no such a path containing a node in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i t}+1}}{\fldrslt }}
} connecting {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}. But {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}\\,{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if there is no such a path, then it violate either Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_connected \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} or Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}. Contradiction.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Next I claim that if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})<#{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The proof is the followings. Given a node {{\i i}} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} (could be {{\i i}} itself) be the node connected with {{\i i}} with the maximum shortest {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} path. This {{\i j}} can be found since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and the network is finite. Then there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node in {{\i j}}\rquote s neighborhood other than the nodes in this path. Since the network is without cycle, there is at most one {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} node in {{\i j}}\rquote s neighborhood. But then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} since it violate Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Starting from {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and iterating {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\i t}{\u8805*}0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} but {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there is some {{\i i}} with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0}){\f5\u8834*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the above paragraph shows; if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then we starting from {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and iterating {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\i t}{\u8805*}{\i t}+1}. Since {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}+1})<#{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as the above paragraph shows, there is a time {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *})})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then we get the conclusion.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_at_most_two_nodes \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}}}\par
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_no_node_outside \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.2}}}} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMApn_equilibrium}5.1{\*\bkmkend BMApn_equilibrium}  Equilibrium\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 5.1.1  Out-off-path belief\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 If Rebel {{\i i}} detects a deviation at {{\i m}} period, he form the belief as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})(\{{\u920*}:{\u920*}{\f5\u8712*}{\u215*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\{{\u920*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})\}{\u215*}\{{\i I}{\i n}{\i e}{\i r}{\i t}\}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?#{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})\}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1{\\,}{\i m}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}{\i m}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (11)}\par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 5.1.2  Equilibrium Path: Notations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of finite sequences in which the action {\b r} occurs once and only once. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\i P}{\i F}({\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*},{\i m})} be the {{\i m}}-periods prefix of a finite sequence {{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{({\i i},{\i j})}-path be the set of paths from {{\i i}} to {{\i j}}.\par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 5.1.3  Equilibrium Path: reporting period\par
\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 reporting period: notations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\i m}} be a period in reporting period in {{\i t}} block. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the total periods in reporting period in {{\i t}}-block \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the set of {{\i i}}\rquote s neighbors {{\i j}}s who has played a sequence {{\i M}} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}={\i P}{\i F}({\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}\\,{\i m})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}{\f5\u8712*}{\f5\u9001*}{\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} at period {{\i m}}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8801*}({\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i k}})){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the updated relevant information gathered by {{\i i}} at period {{\i m}}. Note that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 |{\f5\u9001*}{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}}){\f5\u9002*}|\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8801*}({\u8898*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i k}})){\f5\u8746*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be the updated neighborhood which contains {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\u8801*}\{{\i l}{\u8713*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})|{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i e}{\i x}{\i i}{\i s}{\i t}{\i s}{\i a}{({\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}-path}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be all the possible Rebel nodes outside of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}}){\u8801*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}}){\u8745*}({\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be all the possible Rebel nodes in the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
}\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 reporting period: automata\par
\pard\plain\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b WHILE LOOP} {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
At {{\i m}{\u8805*}0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, report {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} and then play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Otherwise, {\b runs POST-CHECK } \par
}}\pard\plain\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b WHILE LOOP} {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
At {{\i m}{\u8805*}0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, report {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} and then play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Otherwise, {\b runs MAIN } \par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b MAIN}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}{\u8805*}0}, \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
At {{\i m}=0} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})=#{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
At {{\i m}=0} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8708*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then runs {\b CHECK.{0}}. Otherwise, recall {\b MAIN} \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 3.\tab
At {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 0{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}|{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|\u8722?|{\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}|}}{\fldrslt }}
}, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\b stay}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 4.\tab
At {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i m}=|{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|\u8722?|{\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}|+1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\b runs CHECK.k}\par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b CHECK.{0}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}=0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, i.e. if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8708*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}}){\u8726*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then denote {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i C}}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?2,{\i i}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})<{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?2,{\i i}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}={\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\b runs POST-CHECK } \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}={\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b CHECK.{m}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}>0}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there are two cases, {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
Case 1: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
Case 2: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ /{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i i}}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
Case 2.1: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ /{\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}({\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\\{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\b Note:thiscaseisthecasewhen{i{\f5\u8712*}C}, thus recall Check.0}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
Case 2.2: If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u8707*}{\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){\u8745*}({\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\\{\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}}[{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}})[[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\f5\u8712*}{\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i j}})\\{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})]{\f5\u8743*}[{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})})]]]}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})={\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 \bullet\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} , then report \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b CHECK.k}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 At {{\i m}{\u8805*}1}, {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then {\b runs POST-CHECK }\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i O}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\u8709*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
,\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 then {\b runs CHECK.{m}} \par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b POST-CHECK}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
At {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i m}=|{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})|}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})|{\u8805*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b revolt}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b stay}\par
}}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 5.1.4  Equilibrium path: coordination period\par
\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 coordination period: notations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\i m}} be a sub-block in coordination period. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\u8801*}\{{\i l}{\u8713*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})|{\f5\u8707*}{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u8712*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8726*}{\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1}){{\i s}{\i u}{\i c}{\i h}{\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t}{\i t}{\i h}{\i e}{\i r}{\i e}{\i e}{\i x}{\i i}{\i s}{\i t}{\i s}{\i a}{({\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}-path}\}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be all the possible Rebel nodes outside of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Let \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}}){\i j}}){\u8801*}{\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}}){\u8745*}({\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 be the set of possible Rebel nodes in the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
}\pard\plain\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 coordination period: automata\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 1st Division} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 In 1st division, for {{\i t}=0} block,\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b stay} forever.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}/{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \li600\fi0 In 1st division, for {{\i t}>0} block and for {1{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}{\i n}} sub-block, {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\i i}} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play {\b stay} forever.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and there are some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} have played {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}, then play {\b stay} forever. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 2nd Division} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li600\fi0 In {{\i t}=0} block {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 . \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 . \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} have played play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in the 1st division, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 . \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 0,{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played play {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in the 1st division, then play {\b stay} forever.\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb100 \li600\fi0 In {{\i t}>0} block, if there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} such that {{\i j}} has played {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in the {\b 1st Division} , then run the following automata. Otherwise, play {\b stay} forever.\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {1}-sub-block: play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li1800\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {2{\u8804*}{\i m}{\u8804*}{\i t}+1} sub-blocks: \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}0}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})+1}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (a)\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {{\i m}=1} sub-block \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (b)\tab
or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} sub-blocks \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li2400\fi0 then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in {{\i m}+1} sub-block.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 2.\tab
Otherwise, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in current sub-block \par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {1}-sub-block: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\i i}} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 2.\tab
If {{\i i}} has not played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and if there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 3.\tab
If {{\i i}} has not played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} and if there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 |{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})|\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li3000\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 \bullet\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 |{\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})|\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li3000\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In the {{\i m}{\u8805*}2}-sub-block: \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 1.\tab
If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for some {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i t}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\u8805*}0}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if there is a {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}){\u8745*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (a)\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {{\i m}=1} sub-block, or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li3000\fi-300 (b)\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} sub-blocks \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li2400\fi0 then play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in {{\i m}+1} sub-block. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li2400\fi-300 2.\tab
Otherwise, play \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 \tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li2400\fi0 in current sub-block. \par
}}}\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
{\b 3rd Division} \par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 1.\tab
{\b INITIATING} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 If {{\i i}} has observed {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}\u7712G\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (a)\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {1}-sub-block in {\b 2nd Division} or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (b)\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\i m}{\u8805*}2} sub-blocks {\b 2nd Division} or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1800\fi-300 (c)\tab
{\b s} in the {\b 3rd Division} \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li1200\fi0 then play {\b revolt} forever\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li1200\fi-300 2.\tab
{\b NOT INITIATING} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li1200\fi0 Otherwise, play {\b stay} in current period. \par
}}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_either_success_or_fail}5.1.5{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_either_success_or_fail}  Proof for Theorem \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMthm_main_result \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The proof is organized as the following. In Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_either_success_or_fail \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}} and Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}, we show that a Rebel will learn {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*})<{\i k}} in the equilibrium path. Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}} also show that the equilibrium path is ex-post efficient. Since that, there is a time {{\i T}} such that a Rebel\rquote s static pay-off after {{\i T}} is {1} if {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}} or {0} if {#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}}. Such pay-offs after time {{\i T}} is the maximum static pay-off contingent on {{\u920*}}. In Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_detection_reporting_period \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}, I show that if a Rebel makes detectable deviation, then there is a positive probability event {{\i E}} (by the full support assumption) contingent on this deviation such that his expected continuation static pay-off is strictly lower than that in equilibrium path after {{\i T}}. Finally, in Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_deviation_higher_reporting \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}, Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_must_report_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}, and Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_report_with_no_message_coordination_period \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}, I show that if a Rebel makes undetectable deviation, then there is a positive event {{\i E}} (by the full support assumption) contingent on this deviation such that his expected continuation static pay-off is also strictly lower than that in equilibrium path after {{\i T}}. Since the static pay-off after {{\i T}} is maximum for all {{\u920*}} in equilibrium path, there is a {{\u948*}} such that a Rebel will not deviate. I then conclude this theorem.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 To simplify the notations, if {{\i P}({\u920*})} is a property of {{\u920*}}, then I abuse the notations by letting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i P}({\u920*})|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})){\u8801*} \\i \\su({\u920*}:{\i P}({\u920*}),, ){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\u920*}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}. I also say \ldblquote {{\i i}} knows {{\i P}({\u920*})}\rdblquote  to mean {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u960*}\\,{\u964*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *}),{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})})({\i P}({\u920*})|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m},{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 4} {\i  In the equilibrium path and for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}} is a period in reporting period. If {{\i i}} report {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then either Rebels coordinate to {\b revolt} after {{\i t}}-block or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 0})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\b proof for Lemma \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMlemma_in_the_path \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.3}}}} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Next, I prepare the claims to show that a Rebel will not deviate. I start with Claim \~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMclaim_detection_reporting_period \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}} in which the deviation is detectable.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 5} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_detection_reporting_period}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_detection_reporting_period} For {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\i m}} is a period. Denote {{\i D}} be the set of Rebels who detect {{\i i}}\rquote s deviation. If {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\i D}{\u8800*}{\u8709*}}, then there is a {{\u948*}} such that {{\i i}} will not deviate. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Next, I prepare the claims to show that a Rebel will not deviate if such deviation is undetectable.\par
{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 6} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_deviation_higher_reporting}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_deviation_higher_reporting} In reporting period for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there is a {{\u948*}} such that {{\i i}} will not deviate by reporting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u298l\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}}){\u8800*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t}\u8722?1,{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} if such deviation is not detected by {{\i i}}\rquote s neighbor. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 7} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_can_not_pretend_almost_success} In reporting period for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i m}\\,{\i t},{\i i}}){\u8804*}{\i k}\u8722?1}}{\fldrslt }}
} and if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}{\u8713*}{\i C}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i t}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} or {{\i i}} did not satisfy the condition to play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in equilibrium path, then {{\i i}} will not play {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 8} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_must_report_1}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_must_report_1} In reporting period for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})(#[{\i R}{\i e}{\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i s}]({\u920*}){\u8805*}{\i k}|{\i h}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i R}{\i P}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i t}})\u8722?1,{\i G}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}})}))>0}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then if {{\i i}} can report {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}}, then {{\i i}} will not report {{\f5\u9001*}{\i l}{\f5\u9002*}} when {{\u948*}} is high enough. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b Claim 9} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMclaim_report_with_no_message_coordination_period}{\*\bkmkend BMclaim_report_with_no_message_coordination_period} Given a {{\i m}} period in coordination period in {{\i t}}-block, suppose there is no {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has played {{\f5\u9001*}1{\f5\u9002*}} in reporting period in {{\i t}}-block, suppose {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}})<{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and suppose {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ #{\i E}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i I}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i t},{\i i}})}){\f5\u8746*}{\i I}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i i}}){\u8805*}{\i k}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, then there is {{\u948*}} such that {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
if {{\i i}} has not observed {{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} played by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
if {{\i i}} has not observed {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} played by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}{\f5\u8712*}{\i G}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i q}\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i g}{\u8805*}2} \par
},\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps0\i then {{\i i}} will not play {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
{{\f5\u9001*}{\b stay}{\f5\u9002*}} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \scaps0\i \bullet\tab
{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\b 1}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} in {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}{\i D}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i t},{\i q}+1\\,2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i g}{\u8805*}2} \par
}}}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 After the above claims, we can take a sufficiently high {{\u948*}} to let all the above claims hold. Since a deviation is either detectable or non-detectable, and a deviation happens either in reporting period or coordination period, I conclude that this theorem holds by above claims. \par
}}
