{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red239\green219\blue197;
\red205\green149\blue117;
\red253\green217\blue181;
\red120\green219\blue226;
\red135\green169\blue107;
\red255\green164\blue116;
\red250\green231\blue181;
\red159\green129\blue112;
\red253\green124\blue110;
\red35\green35\blue35;
\red31\green117\blue254;
\red173\green173\blue214;
\red25\green158\blue189;
\red115\green102\blue189;
\red222\green93\blue131;
\red203\green65\blue84;
\red180\green103\blue77;
\red255\green127\blue73;
\red234\green126\blue93;
\red176\green183\blue198;
\red255\green255\blue153;
\red28\green211\blue162;
\red255\green170\blue204;
\red221\green68\blue146;
\red29\green172\blue214;
\red188\green93\blue88;
\red221\green148\blue117;
\red154\green206\blue235;
\red255\green188\blue217;
\red253\green219\blue109;
\red43\green108\blue196;
\red239\green205\blue184;
\red110\green81\blue96;
\red29\green249\blue20;
\red113\green188\blue120;
\red109\green174\blue129;
\red195\green100\blue197;
\red204\green102\blue102;
\red231\green198\blue151;
\red252\green217\blue117;
\red168\green228\blue160;
\red149\green145\blue140;
\red28\green172\blue120;
\red240\green232\blue145;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red178\green236\blue93;
\red93\green118\blue203;
\red202\green55\blue103;
\red59\green176\blue143;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red252\green180\blue213;
\red255\green189\blue136;
\red246\green100\blue175;
\red205\green74\blue74;
\red151\green154\blue170;
\red255\green130\blue67;
\red200\green56\blue90;
\red239\green152\blue170;
\red253\green188\blue180;
\red26\green72\blue118;
\red48\green186\blue143;
\red25\green116\blue210;
\red255\green163\blue67;
\red186\green184\blue108;
\red255\green117\blue56;
\red230\green168\blue215;
\red65\green74\blue76;
\red255\green110\blue74;
\red28\green169\blue201;
\red255\green207\blue171;
\red197\green208\blue230;
\red253\green215\blue228;
\red21\green128\blue120;
\red252\green116\blue253;
\red247\green128\blue161;
\red142\green69\blue133;
\red116\green66\blue200;
\red157\green129\blue186;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red255\green73\blue108;
\red214\green138\blue89;
\red255\green72\blue208;
\red227\green37\blue107;
\red238\green32\blue77;
\red255\green83\blue73;
\red192\green68\blue143;
\red31\green206\blue203;
\red120\green81\blue169;
\red255\green155\blue170;
\red252\green40\blue71;
\red118\green255\blue122;
\red159\green226\blue191;
\red165\green105\blue79;
\red138\green121\blue93;
\red69\green206\blue162;
\red251\green126\blue253;
\red205\green197\blue194;
\red128\green218\blue235;
\red236\green234\blue190;
\red255\green207\blue72;
\red253\green94\blue83;
\red250\green167\blue108;
\red252\green137\blue172;
\red219\green215\blue210;
\red23\green128\blue109;
\red222\green170\blue136;
\red119\green221\blue231;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red146\green110\blue174;
\red247\green83\blue148;
\red255\green160\blue137;
\red143\green80\blue157;
\red237\green237\blue237;
\red162\green173\blue208;
\red255\green67\blue164;
\red252\green108\blue133;
\red205\green164\blue222;
\red252\green232\blue131;
\red197\green227\blue132;
\red255\green182\blue83;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \snext0 Normal ;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font ;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part ;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1 ;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2 ;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3 ;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4 ;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5 ;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6 ;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar ;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar ;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar ;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation ;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum ;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign ;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum ;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray ;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum ;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem ;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter ;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title ;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 author ;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer ;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header ;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption ;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure ;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table ;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular ;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing ;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote ;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs24 \snext38 verbatim ;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext46 List ;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1 ;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture ;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure ;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading ;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem ;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes ;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text ;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text ;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference ;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference ;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym ;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title ;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract ;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading ;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1 ;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2 ;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3 ;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4 ;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5 ;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6 ;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was research_statement.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.1.0 (released Mar  5 2010) on Sun Nov  9 13:25:38 2014
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs24\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Research Statement\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Chun-Ting Chen {\cs62\super 1}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super1} {\f3 cuc230@psu.edu}}
\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \chdate \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The information pertinent to make joint decision is dispersed in the society. Communication is an important object in creating mechanisms to entice information provision and to coordinate actions. My current research interest centers on creating communication protocol to implement desirable outcome in various frameworks, while the communication protocol itself has to be an equilibrium strategy. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 This research statement is organized as follows. The first section describe my research on communication in social networks. The second section summarizes my study regarding pre-play communication in implementing correlated equilibrium. Finally, I briefly describe my future work agenda in section three.\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Communication in Social Networks\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 How collective action emerges from a society is a classical question in political economy. Among modelings of social structure, network models restricted communication and observation. ({Chwe}, 2000) models an one-shot coordination problem in networks. In his framework, two types of players, Rebel and Inert, are in the society, who have different opinions in making revolution. When players can only observe their neighbors\rquote  types, ({Chwe}, 2000) investigates how social networks provide common knowledge about type distribution and ask what kinds of networks guarantee the successfulness of revolution.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In my job market paper, \ldblquote Coordination in Social Networks\rdblquote , I extend ({Chwe}, 2000) by considering a repeated coordination problem. Here, players can observe their neighbors types as well as their actions. I ask how players communicate by actions to learn the type distribution and to coordinate their future actions to the ex-post efficient outcome. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 In the baseline model, nature chooses players\rquote  types initially and then players play a threshold game infinitely repeatedly with a common discount factor. This threshold game is as follows. A Rebel can take two kinds of actions: {\b revolt} and {\b stay}. An Inert can only {\b stay}. A Rebel will get pay-off as {1} if he chooses {\b revolt} and more than {{\i k}} players choose {\b revolt}; he will get pay-off as {\u8722?1} if he chooses {\b revolt} and less than {{\i k}} players choose {\b revolt}; he will get pay-off as {0} if he chooses {\b stay}. An Inert will get pay-off as {1} if he chooses {\b stay}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 The ex-post efficient outcome is that, if there are at least {{\i k}} Rebels then all Rebels play {\b revolt}; otherwise, all Rebels play {\b stay}. In order to learn the type distribution, Rebels need to use binary {\{{\b stay},{\b revolt}\}}-sequences to report other Rebels\rquote  existence. However, {\b revolt} is a risky arm to take. Due to being discounting, Rebels always seek the opportunity to manipulate their binary sequence to save the expected cost. A free rider problem may occur in a situation where two nearby Rebels exchange information. Let\rquote s suppose that these two Rebels can learn the true state after acquiring information from each other\rquote s truthful reporting. Let\rquote s further suppose that each of them can initiate coordination without expected cost after exchanging information. In this instance, truthful reporting is not a best response because a player can wait given that the other will report truthfully. The above scenario demonstrates future coordination as a public good. This public good can only be made by Rebels\rquote  truthful reporting, which incurs costs. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I construct a communication protocol and deal with the free rider problem by several steps. First, I index each player by a distinguishable prime number. Then I let Rebels report the relevant information by using binary {\{{\b stay},{\b revolt}\}}-sequences to report the multiplication of Rebels\rquote  prime numbers. Second, two kinds of communication phases alternate in the time horizon line. In one kind of phases, {\i reporting phase}, Rebels report other Rebels\rquote  prime numbers. In the other kind of phases, {\i coordination phase}, Rebels initiate the coordination only if they know the relevant information. After coordination phase, whenever Rebels know that the future actions can be coordinated to {\b stay} or {\b revolt}, these two phases end, and Rebels coordinate to {\b stay} or {\b revolt} respectively.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 I assume that the network is a tree (undirected and acyclic) and use the following key steps to deal with free rider problem. If the network is a tree, I can show that the free rider problem only occurs between two nearby Rebels in any reporting phase. In equilibrium, one of these two Rebels will report prime numbers truthfully, while the other one will play a special sequence to indicate himself as a \ldblquote pivotal Rebel\rdblquote \emdash a Rebel who can tell the relevant information before he report prime numbers given that others will report truthfully. A pivotal Rebel has to initiate the coordination in the coordination phase although he does not need to report prime numbers in reporting phase. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 By setting suitable off-path belief and managing incurring expected costs in-the-path, I prove that Rebels will not deviate from the communication protocol by finding out positive probability events in which they have no chance to coordinate to the ex-post efficient outcome. Since the communication protocol leads players to coordinate to ex-post efficient outcome for all events, the constructed communication protocol is indeed an sequential equilibrium strategy if the discount factor is sufficiently high. This result holds for the networks that are fixed, finite, connected, commonly known, and acyclic. Moreover, Rebels will learn the relevant information in finite time without outside mechanism for Rebels\rquote  information exchanging. \par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Pre-play Communication\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The pre-play communication{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} A review can be seen in ({Forges}, 2009).}
 is a communication protocol to implement correlated equilibria (({Aumann}, 1974)) or communication equilibria (({Forges}, 1986), ({Myerson}, 2004) ). Without mediator, two major difficulties occur in implementing correlated equilibria. The first one is that players should not truthfully report their information that describes their future behavior during the communication protocol. The second one is that, the punishment by minmax strategy is infeasible if the player who deviates can not be identified. In the games with five or more players, both difficulties can be solved (({Gerardi}, 2004)). In the games with less than five players, additional assumptions seems indispensable (e.g., ({Barany}, 1987),({Ben-Porath and Kahneman}, 1996)).\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Here, I assume that players endow with finite and distinguishable messages. In the beginning of communication, each player has a set of messages, and players\rquote  sets of messages are not identical. Messages can be transferred around, but they can not be reproduced. I call this message system as {\i unduplicable messages}. I use unduplicable messages to identify detectable deviation and use jointly controlled lottery (({Aumann and Maschler}, 1995)) to create uncertainty about players\rquote  future actions. I implement rational correlated equilibria in two kinds of three-players games. In the first kind, the third player has only one action. In the second kind, each player has two actions (binary actions).\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Inspired by ({Ben-Porath and Kahneman}, 1996), for the first kind, I let player 1 and player 3 use their unduplicable messages to create some lottery machines (a set of messages) dependent on player 1\rquote s conditional probabilities according to the implementing correlated equilibrium distribution. Then I let player 2 and player 3 use jointly controlled lottery to choose a ball (a message) from the lottery machine. Finally, player 3 pass this ball to player 2, and the protocol ends then. As ({Ben-Porath and Kahneman}, 1996) addresses, this protocol can constitute a Nash equilibrium in implementing rational correlated equilibrium distribution.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 For the second kind of games, the problem solving idea is to let each two players\rquote  actions be contingent on their jointly controlled lottery draws and on the messages they get from the third party. Since players can not affect the jointly controlled lottery draws by unilateral deviations, while unduplicable messages make sure that each player\rquote s private messages came from the third party are distinguishable and can be identified, the communication protocol can create uncertainty about players\rquote  future actions and implement the correlated equilibrium distribution. \par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Future Research Agenda\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 I plan to extend my existing research as a starting point of my future research along with three directions. First, I will extend my job market paper to empirical or experimental research along the topics on collective action in network-like communication structures. I also plan to model different aspects in information transmission, such as \ldblquote diffusion of rumors\rdblquote  in social network. Second, in my research on communication by actions, the threshold model seems to be a general model in finding a communication protocol in which players can learn the relevant information in finite time. I conjecture that, if an equilibrium endows with a learn-in-finite-time process, this equilibrium might be constructed from a communication protocol with an implicit threshold property. I plan to investigate this close relationship between threshold property and learning process. Third, following my research on pre-play communication, I want to investigate the assumptions on complexity. When complexity bounds players\rquote  ability in processing information, it helps to create uncertainty about players\rquote  future actions. I shall also continue to exploit the assumption of unduplicable messages to implement the games with three or more players. \par
{\pard\plain\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li450\fi-450 R.\~J. Aumann. {Subjectivity and correlation in randomized strategies}. {\i Journal of Mathematical Economics}, 1 (1): 67\endash 96, 1974.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 R.\~J. Aumann and M.\~Maschler. {\i {Repeated Games with Incomplete Information}}. MIT Press, 1995.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 I.\~Barany. {Fair distribution protocols or how the players replace fortune}. {\i Mathematics of Operations Research}, 17: 327\endash 340, Jan. 1987.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 E.\~Ben-Porath and M.\~Kahneman. {Communication in Repeated Games with Private Monitoring}. {\i Journal of Economic Theory}, 70 (2): 281\endash 297, Aug. 1996.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 M.\~S.-Y. Chwe. {Communication and Coordination in Social Networks}. {\i Review of Economic Studies}, 67 (1): 1\endash 16, 2000.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 F.\~Forges. {An Approach to Communication Equilibria}. {\i Econometrica}, 54 (6): 1375\endash 85, 1986.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 F.\~Forges. {Correlated equilibrium and communication in games}, 2009.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 D.\~Gerardi. {Unmediated communication in games with complete and incomplete information}. {\i Journal of Economic Theory}, 114 (1): 104\endash 131, Jan. 2004.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 R.\~B. Myerson. {\i {GAME THEORY}}. Harvard University Press, 2004.\par
}}}
